"I think that computers have a good effect on people. When people are on the computer they are not on for very long. I also think computers have a good effect on people because of the new technology. Computers are positive and they can help you when you are stuck or need to look something up. To me computers are positive. When people go on the computer ther are not on for @NUM1 hours straight. Sure they might be on @NUM1 hours in a day but they do other stuff in between like school, meals and activities. Some people need computers for their @CAPS1. News @CAPS2 companies need computers for editing and printing out the papaer. They also put the news on there website. What would most people do without a computer? Computers are positive because of the new technology! The new technology is helping people interact over the. if you have a long distance friend or family member, there are how many ways to talk to them. You could use @CAPS3, skype, oovoo, @CAPS4 or even email. When I go on the computer I dont just sit and watch @CAPS5 @CAPS6 or @CAPS7 online. I interact with my friends @PERCENT1 of us population between the ages @NUM3 have a @CAPS3. @PERCENT2 have skype or oovoo and talk to people that are too far away to visit. Computers are positive because they can help you with school that you don't know just go on the internet and look it up if you need to translate @CAPS8 to @CAPS9 just go on the computer and translate it. @PERCENT3 of people learned a dictionary there own using the internet. If there is a word you want to know and isn't i the dictionary look it up and it will be online. Computers have a positive effect on people. Nobody spends so much time on the computer that they can't go outside or hang out with there friends. People actually need the computer for their @CAPS1 the new technology that is coming out is letting people interact with people across the world. They are positve to have for school work, definitions and even translation. Computers are not negative and they dont take away what you should do in life."