"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers these days have made positive changes to all of our every day lives. People have made beter connections with family and friends, and even have the ability to make new ones. While social networks are great and all, computers can also make work extremely easy and proffesional-looking. They can also perfect the skill of hand-eye coordination. But with that in mind, is the computer truly a harmful or helpful device? Sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are. Well, with the computer and internet access, you can easily contact them through great social networks such as @CAPS1. I hear it all the time from everyone that reunions have been made, and friends have been reunited. And reuniting friends, you can also make new ones with a simple click of a button. Isn't making more friends and reconnecting so easy now? Computers nowadays offer wonderful software from @ORGANIZATION2 that can make making slideshows, projects, and reports far easier. I remember making a @CAPS2 with my best friend back when we were in @NUM1 grade. All we did was take the pictures, upload them to his laptop, and then we added captions to all of the pictures. We did an amazing, professional job on the project and received an A-. Though I understand that in the process of computer-usage, people hardly find time outdoors, the technological advance will enhance hand-eye coordination. Imagine this: You're up at bat in a baseball game. @NUM2 strikes and @NUM3 balls is your count. Everyone is cheering you on. The pitcher pitches the ball and wham! You swing that bat and hit yourself a homerun! Do you know what skill was used to hit that ball? That's right - hand-eye coordination. So now while everyone is wondering what sort of effect the computer has, remember how easy that work was for me. Also think back to that baseball player. You know, the one that hit the homerun using hand-eye coordination. But most importantly remember how easy it would be to contact the ones you love most and keep closest to you. The computer is a positive advance in society, and everyone should be assured so!"