"Dear @CAPS1, I disagree with those who support advances in technology, the people who think that computers have a positive effect on people. Would you rather spend your time on the computer rotting like a vegetable or would you rather hang out with your firned, travel to other places that you never thought possive or even go to a gym and probably loose some pounds? I vote hanging out with my friends! You know people that like to travel to far away places and have fun would rather that than waste their time on a computer. As much as people like to look at all the cool places that they check out on the internet; what's the point in just sitting their and watching the screen when you could get a plane ticket and fly to the magical place that you saw on the computer. Ok. I know that traveling to faraway places can be scary because you never been to area in your life, but @CAPS3's worth the try. Ok fine if flying is not your thing then why not thy exercising. @MONTH1 be you have been trying to lose some extra pounds. You could always try that. Think about @CAPS3, my mother was using her so that she could fit into a size @NUM1 and now look she is in a size @NUM1. Why bore yourself to death with computers that will probably give you the wrong advise when you could always ask a friend for advise. Yes a friend a live and breathing human being, losing some weight will help you gain confidence if you just try. @CAPS3's just like @PERSON1, from @CAPS2 lower said, you got to want @CAPS3 if you want to accomplish that goal of yours. Everyone can go for that goal! Maybe you dont want to exercise, maybe you want to hang out with your friends and family. If you waste your time online chatting, how are you oing to chat with the people that are eight in front of you. If you can talk online then you can probably talk to people in real life? Right? Wrong! Some people can and some people cant. I am a very talk person, but I know how to talk on line if. I wanted to so why cant you? That's @CAPS3 the time has come t decide. Do you want to spend your time on or computer or do you want to spend your time in the real world. Get out your chair, turn off the computer get up. Put your wat on and walk outside and do something with yourself. Use you mouth not your hand. Talk to people comunicate with them @CAPS3 is not that hard. Trust me. If I can do @CAPS3 you can do @CAPS3 too! @CAPS3's now or never I choose now and so should you. Dont waste anymore time, go on a trip take a hangout. Just do @CAPS3. Dont run back to that computer. Throw @CAPS3 out you can live without @CAPS3."