"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 back a couple decades ago, before computers existed. What do you see? There were children outside exercising, playing with friends, and living somewhat danger-free lives then came the computer. Computers are driving the next generation to a dangerous life of staring at an assortment of pixers all day longels well as ruining any civilized relationships you had. I strangly believe that computers have a negative affect on society. Did you know that as tha number of computers sold increases the obesity rate has gone up @PERCENT1 since computers came into our lives why? Because people spend way too much time on and not enough time exercising! Computers another affect of the long hours spent in front of screen is a decrease in eyesight ability. My family friend, @PERSON2 had to get glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer. ""I'm worried about my daughter's eyes...she stares at that screen for hours on end!"" @CAPS2 @PERSON3, a concerned parent at @ORGANIZATION1. How could something so harmful possibly be good for our society? Speaking of hurtful, the internet is very unsafe. Predators surf the web, looking for young, innocent people to meet and most likely abuse @PERCENT2 of parents much been monitoring their children's computer usage parents are unaware that the internet makes it easy to talk to anybody in the world, from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2! Monitoring would also come in handy when it comes to innapropriate videos, pictures, and discussions on the internet. It is so easy to be surfing the web and fall upon things you should not be seeing! Lastly, people easily get caught up in being hidden behind a computer, and say mean, hurtful things that would never be said to one's face! these unfortunate factors cause many of the issues between people today. Speaking of which, computers have a very negative affect on relationships nowadays. As I mentioned earlier, so many fights happen through computer communications. Even if online conversations are friendly, they get people accustomed to making people ""@CAPS3"" through a computer, not face to face. After being in a computer-oriented friendship, people tend to forget how to act face to face and find personal meetings awkward. @PERSON1, an eighth grader at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS4, ""I can't @CAPS5 only talking through computers, never being civilized with other human beings! Unfortunately, that is where computers are leading us to..."" @CAPS5 never seeing your best friend in person , only through technology! It @MONTH1 not even be your friend. It could be a dangerous poser! This is yet another problem...through the internet, you @MONTH1 not even know who such relationships are with! It could be fake, and you'd have no idea. Spending all day rolling away in front of a computer, putting yourself and relationships in danger is, unfortunately, the effect of computers. Computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face. I @CAPS6 urge you to stop the advances in technology now, before it is too late! Make the change today."