"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, I would like to thank you in advance for taking the time to read this letter, it means a lot to me, I am writing today because it has come to my attention that some people are saying that computers do not benefit society. Those people are very wrong! Computers are amazing! They allow easier research, I can learn about other countries, and can talk to people online. I do all of this stuff alsmost every day! We're just finishing up a pretty big research assignment for english and social studies. It involved taking a note cards from different sources. Luckily, I was able to go on the card catalog on the computer and find many books on my topic, just by typing the keyword! We can narrow down our options so easily because you can search for something so specific. After you find your topic, you can check and see if there's reliable information by reading a summary. All of this can be done in about @NUM1 minutes or less.This would be nearly imposible without a computer. I have a few relative in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2. A while back my family and I were trying to plan a trip to @LOCATION2 to visit. We were able to go on a search engine and find directions to their house from the airport. it gave us the directions and the estimated amount of time it would take to get there. i've also been able to do plenty of research on other foreign countries at the push of a button. it's so simple and convenient, too! My two uncles live in @LOCATION1. On thanksgiving my mother was upset because she missed them I was then able to set them up in a video chatroom so my mom could talk to them. this is great, its so convenient to be to go an instant message. i can talk to people all over the world and it doesn't even any money! In conclusion, computers are very helpul because you can learn about foreign countries, have easy access to research, and can talk online. there's a long list of other things that make computers great, but it would take too long to write. Thank you again for listening."