"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that two out of three @CAPS2 own a computer? Computers are a very helpful tool that benefit everyone in society. They allow people to communicate with eachother, learn, and teach hand-eye coordination and other good things for school.. Computers are a very useful and beneficial part of society. The advance in technology has upgraded computers, and now allows people to communicate through them. For example, new webcams allow people to actually see and talk to each other from you computer screen. This allows people no matter how far to talk to each other and stay in touch. With my webcam I am able to keep in touch with my cousins in @LOCATION1. Another way of communication is through email. Through the internet, people can type messages back and forth. It is very fast and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate. As well as webcams and email computers grants people access to communication websites such as @CAPS3 (instant messaging) or @CAPS4. These websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily. It is not difficult to do, like writing a letter would be, so people can communicate more efficiently and easily. Computers are very helpful for communication along with @CAPS6. Computers are an advancement that could help people learn more about anything. For instace, they could learn about foreigh plaus. All they would have to do is go to the internet, type what they were @CAPS5 for, and it would come up on the screen. It would allow people to learn about places all over the world. Also, people can see pictures on the computer. For example, if someone wanted to go on vacation faraway, they could type in the place and see what it looks like. However, the computer does not just show places. People could also see animals, other people, the environments, and anything else they want to learn about. Plus, with new websites being created, people could actually see what the earth looks like from space. They can look at houses, the wonders of the world, and much more computers give people the opportunity to learn about so much more. @CAPS6 more would help people, especially students to have a better education. If you ask anyone in school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool. Firstly it allows them to type. Students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier. It will also look neater and more orginized. Plus, computers teach students hand-eye coordination. By typing or even just clicking the mouse, students are bettering their coordination. This is due to the fast while they are @CAPS5 at the screen and typing or clicking, they have a sense of direction and know what to hit or where to put their hands without even @CAPS5. Lastly, computers help students because if they need help, they can just ask one of their friends through the computer. Students would better understand the content they are @CAPS6 and when they go to school, they would already know it. Therefore, computers would lead to students getting better grades. Computers play a big role in society today. They are a way of communication, @CAPS6, and allows students to do better in school. Overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society."