"Dear Newspaper editor, @CAPS1 you have a computer at home? @CAPS1 you use facebook, @CAPS2, or any other type of social networking site? Well if you are like the majority of the respectable, caring @CAPS3 in this country you probably answered yes to both of these questions; and you most likely also believe that the computer is a great tool to teach hand-eye coordination, as well as an awesome way to talk with other people online. Not only that but you should notice the great potential the computer has for showing us distant, faraway lands and cultures. What would we be able to @CAPS1 without hand eye cooridination? Nothing that is what we could @CAPS1. Without the hand eye cooridination that computers and video games help you develop, you wouldn't even be able to go outside and enjoy a peaceful game of tennis, baseball, or even basketball all because without hand eye coordination you are clumbsy and your depth perception is off. If it weren't for hand-eye cordination you wouldn't even be able to pick things up because your hands wouldn't go where you eyes were looking. Even though the computer isn't the only way to learn hand eye coordination, it is still an important stragedy that takes no effort to perform. If you are a social butterfly and love to converse with other people then you simply must own a computer! Computers, cell phones, pda's they are all the same, and that's because they are all same form of a computer. When you think about it, our country would be no where without these spectacular devices. These computers helped to industrialize and grow our great superpower of a country. Can you imagine having to drive to people's houses just to talk to them. These machines get our messages and vices to people who can be all the way across the world in just a few seconds. They are a great inovation in technolegy. Imagine having a paper for college or an assignment at work due tommorrow, and you have messy handwriting. There is no way you will get it done in time and have it be legible; and worse is that you'll be fired or expelled if it's not done. But your savior has arrived! The computer improves peoples hand writing, speed, and research all at the click of a few buttons. With computers theirs no more need for long tedious hours of handwriting or seaching through books at the library. What would happen to us with out this wonderful invention? The time has come for you to decide for yourself, @CAPS1 you like this time saving, teaching invention that you can socialize on, or would you rather go back to the stone age?"