"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 technology was grown exponetially during the last few years. The use of computers especially has sky-rocketed. However, I beleive this is not somthing to be excited about. The use of computers all the time can effect people's health, family and friends, and their apprciation of Nature. The ove useage of computers is a huge problem. Have you ever sat infront of a computer screen for hours on end? If so, you know the feeling of sleepiness and irritability. The lack of exercise while using a computer impacts people more than they realize. Excessive use of ocmputers has been linked to obesity and high blood pressure. the more people use the computer, the higher their blood pressure. Just sitting infront of a screen is terrible for people's bodies. To stay healty, only use the computer when it's absolutely neccesary. Going on all the time can seperate you from others. This g eneration, adolecents especailly, use the computer to comunicate with others more than actually talking to them. Communicateing only over the computer can draw them away from people socially. Not ot mention how fast rumors and secrets spread over the internet. Useing the computer can ruin relationships even those with family. Being neglegent of family by always being on the computer can draw people apart. Families can became a non-important thing. People can't pay atttention to their families while sucked into a computer screen. Computers are creating false substitutes for almost everthing, even nature. Humans started out living i nthe wild, gathering food from the land and giving back by raplanting. Our connection with nature was strong. We needed it to thrive. Nowadays, however, instead of listening to the sound of rain and the crinkling of dry leaves, people prefer high pitched artificial beeping and the classic ""You've got mail."" People do not appreciated nature as they used to, as they should. The beauty of nature is simply overlooked as if it's nothing special. Well, without it we wouldn't be alive. Life cannot exist with nothing to thrive off of. We can hop on our computers and look at pictures of nature on @ORGANIZATION1. com, or we can grab our shoes and see it for ourselves. No one can experience the greatness of nature while on the computer. No one can experience the feel of cool lake water sliding over their skin or a hot @DATE1 day while emailing a friend. It can't be done. Computers have robbed us of our ability to experience creature. In conclusion, computers are horrid for people. They can affect health, friends and family, and appreciation of nature. We must use computers only when neccesary in order to stay healthy. Instead of going online, get going outside."