"Dear readers, @CAPS1 if I told you that every time you sit in front of a computer, you are that much closer to death? @CAPS1 if I said that computers are destroying your lives? This @MONTH1 not be that serrws, but its shocking. You can not disagree. I feel that humans should not use computers, or at least use them very scarcely. Computers make people get less exercise, they kill brain cells, and they can ruin your lifestyle. You @MONTH1 believe computers have impared your life, but consequences remain. Many @CAPS2 today are obese and lazy. They don't get any exercise. There are many reasons for this, but one big reason is because they sit in front of computers all day! Computers @MONTH1 improve reflexes and such but you can do that by exercising, also! When you sit in front of a computer, it reels you in. Ten minutes becomes one hour in a snap! That is one less hour of exercise. Virtual sports @MONTH1 be fun, but they keep you from the real ones. Without exercise, one @MONTH1 become obese, develop diabetes or heart problems or even have muscle troubles. These can be hazardous, and even deadly. Computers dont exercise your body, or your mind! Now, that fact bring me to my next point. Computers @MONTH1 have information to teach you, but that type of learning has its consequences. When you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are on the screen. Now, scientists from the @ORGANIZATION1 foundation have found they staring at the screen kills brain cells. Basically, these cells do not reporoduce as easily as other cells, and they sometimes don't reproduce at all. You are just one step closer to death. I'm sure you don't want an death. Try opening a book! They are cheaper, more accurate, and don't kill your cells! Don't stare at the computer screen, because your slowly destroying your body, and knowledge can be gained elsewhere. For a final point, I would like to say that computers simply destroy your lifestyle. Virtual people are not your real friends and family. Computers cause you to turn away from them. Online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone. You can lose your real friends. Plus, computers run your lifestyle because half the things you think you are learning arent real. You can't trust certain sites or certain people. Being with ones you know and love is much more beneficial, because computers drag you in you are taken away from the real world. I feel that we should all take a stand against computers. They take away exercise, cause brain cells to die and other problems occur, and they can ruin your lifestyle. No one wants to be a lonely joke! Read a book, get outside and day; but stay away from die screen. There are better alternatives. Take a stand, and do @CAPS1 is best. Be the healthy, happy person, and lay off that computers, so that you can get the best of life!"