"Dear edditer of my local newspaper In my opinion computers have a positive effect on people. I support the advances in technology. I believe @CAPS1 is a positive thing because @CAPS1 teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people, and even allows us to talk online with others. In the following poragraphs I will share with you my opinions and why they are the right opinions for all to believe in. Firstly hand-eye coordination plays a big part in our lives, many of us do sports. Now sports isn't just about being the best @CAPS1's about getting better and doing your best. Sports take alot of practice, and are way is computer games though I bet you didn't know @CAPS1, these games help you develope hand-eye coordination. Defeating these monsters and such really helps you in sports. Catching and throwing is a big part in alot of sports and thats all hand-eye coordination, and where do you think you get @CAPS1 from practice and computer games. So next time your on the computer play som games and that will be like practicing for sports and will help you devolop the hand-eye coordination you need to suceed in a sport. Secondly, @CAPS2 in favor for computer use is because @CAPS1 gives us the oppurtunity to learn about places and people from all around the world. Think about @CAPS1 before computers if you want to know something you might have to locate all around for a book that tells you @CAPS1, @CAPS1 could take, now you type what you want to know or google and bing theres your answer. This ability to quickly find what your looking for allows you more freedom to learn and spend other precious time doing other things you want to do then take the to locate and read the right book. As you can see this is a ability and can be a big help when you need to know something fast. So help you yourself and use computers make life easyer. Thirdly computers are a way to communicate they can let you talk to people all around the, when you might and usaly be able do. This is a great way to stay in contact wen people move, go away on a buisness trip go on vacation, or even to meet new people. Say you cany get a hold of someone because there phone is off and its important you talk to them you could email them or if there online and ahave @CAPS3.M. you could @CAPS2(instant message) them. This would save you the hessle of having to keep calling him. Also if you want to see what there doing or where they are you could us a webcome and see them instead of just talking to them. As this paragraph shows internet and computers open more then ever before. As the I wrote above, I showed not even a fraction of what computers are good for. My reasons for computers being more of positive thing, ever a negitive thing are as followed; they help us with learning things that before we couldn't, communicate with others, and help us develope hand eye coordination. I can only hope that as I write my conclusion, ""that my opinions were heard and that this letter has helped all see why computers are a great thing, not a bad one."