"Computers can be very useful to people. They can help contact friends and family from all over the world. You might need it for typing a paper for school or work, and you can use the internet. If you had a friend or family member move away, computers are an easy way to contact them. Phones dont always give you that option to call from around the world. Say your bestfriend moved out of the country you could email them or instant message them through computers. What if you want to chat with someone right next door even if theres a blizzard and the snow is four feet, computers are a simple way to contact them. When my friend went to @LOCATION1 for the @DATE1 I used instant messaging to talk to her. Imagine your at work or school and you were asked to write a five page essay. Do you really want to write it all? Imagine you, writing out hundreds of those newspaper everyday. Typing is an easy solution that doesnt require as much work and it takes less time. Typing also makes work a lot neater and easier to read. Not even a library has all the information you need. What if you need to write an article for your newspaper about a newly discovered animal? A library wont immediately buy new books about it. The internet is an ideal way to get information the moment it happens. What if a celebrity got hit by a bus or a rocket in space just landed sucesfully? You cant expect to go to the other side of the country to watch and take notes. The internet gives information on anything possible. The internet also allowes students to take online schools or classes. When my oldest brother couldnt take @CAPS1 in high school when it was needed for college, he took an online @CAPS1 class at home. The internet also helps you find vacation spots when your going away from home what if you need a plane, train, boat ticket? What if you need to rent a car but you cant go over to the store or airport. You can go online to purchase tickets. Have you ever heard someone say ""@CAPS3 it upon google"" when they dont know the answer to something? I remember my friend telling me about her new dog, I never even heard of. When I got home I went on the internet and researched it. The internet is a very useful tool to everyone. Going on a computer allows you to talk to anyone, anywhere, type anything needed, or to use the internet. The computer makes life a little easier and its fun too, and would be a handy tool for writing a newspaper."