"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 of people use computers @CAPS2 for many different types of things. Computers are very beneficial to society. Even though people @MONTH1 use their computers too much, the tasks they complete help our world run smoothly. Also, computers allow us to keep in touch with friends and family that we don't see anymore, and they teach us valuable information very quickly. Without computers, society would not run as smoothly as it does now. One way that computers benefits our society, is that they complete tasks such as writing a paper, researching information,..etc, much quicker. For example, if you, the @ORGANIZATION1, needed to quickly print an article in the paper on the devastating earthquake in @LOCATION1, computers would greatly benefit you because they would allow you to type the article much quicker than having to handwrite it. Computers are very beneficial to society because they allow us to complete things very quickly and efficiently. Another reason why computers are very beneficial to society is because they allow us to maintain relationships with people from long distance and allow us to always keep in touch with old friends and family. Moving to from about @DATE1, computers have greatly helped and I stay halfway country. In a recent survey by @PERCENT1 of college graduate a computer stay in town friends from stay in but allow you to actually see the are our society is beneficial by computers because they world. reason society is because they alloe people very quickly. Search engines such as @ORGANIZATION3, @ORGANIZATION4, @CAPS3, and more allows us to research anything we want to know at just the click of the button. This ability to know anything very quickly has agreat effect on people, without of this knowledge people becomemore intellectual and intelligent and with that intelligence, they make great things happen. According to @PERSON1, a computer scientist at @ORGANIZATION2, The knowledge people get from computer search engines allows them to better do @CAPS2 things and achive more in thier lives"". Computers benefit society and have great effect on people when they are balanced our with other important things such as exercise and socializing. They teach us new information quickly, perform tasks, quickly and effeciently and allow us to keep in touch with people across the world. If it weren't for computers things would take longer to get done and society would become worse. We need computers to do @CAPS2 things and do tasks needed to live life."""