"To the editor of the @ORGANIZATION2, I am writing to state my opinion as to whether computers benefit or harm society. I believe that computers are a great tool for several reason. First, computers are a learning resource, and a way people stay updated with the world around them. Also, computers keep us connected with friends and family more easily. Clearly, computers are more helpful to people than they are harmful. Life as we know it today would be greatly altered without the advances in computer technology that have been made over the past few decades. Today if I need to know something, whether it be for @ORGANIZATION1 or my own reason I can almost instantly look it up and get answers from many different sources. This helps people to be more educated and updated with the world around them. Dr. @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION1 recently preformed a study on high @ORGANIZATION1 teenagers and concluded that, ""@CAPS1 with access to computers scored signficantly better on standard testing due to background information they have accquired while on line"". Along with the internet, there are programs such as @ORGANIZATION4, and @ORGANIZATION3, which help people to learn a new language, or write on the computer. Also, computers keep us updated with events that are happening in the world. For example, when the earthquake devestated @LOCATION1, I first saw it on the news, but got very few details. I the looked it up on line and imediatly get the death toll, the aid that was being given, and ways I could help donate. Without computers, I would have known none of this. Another reason as to why computers are so helpful to society is that they are tools that help us to keep in touch with others. With things like facebook and @CAPS2, I can chat with people, invite friends over, and even plan parties. Without computers, I would need to call each person individualy, but with computers I can write one message and send it to everyone all at once. This gives me more time to do things like play outside and exercize. Also, things like @CAPS3 and face book help people to stay in touch with old and distant friends. Studies done by @ORGANIZATION5 show that @PERCENT1 of people with some type of social networking account have a more active social life than those who do not according to doctor @PERSON1 this means that these people will have an easier time adapting to different social situations than these who do not. Clearly, this is a great benefit. In conclusion, the computer helps society a great deal more than it hinders it. It easily allows people to stay educated, updated, and connected. It helps people stay aware of the world around them and educated about everything. It makes things that would other wise take lots of time very quick, giving people the chance to do other things such as playing outside. It keeps people socialy capable and active, and allows people to connect with others. Without a doubt, computers are a very good thing."