"Dear editor of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, People say that technology is affecting everybody left and right. Computers actively help us with our daily lives. It helps us do project for school, let us understand culture around the world, and gives us the ability to talk and connect with friends and family everywhere. Our shool makes us do tons of project and the computer is our main course. If you want to go somewhere far away, you're most likely to research it, and then plan on going. It is also might be used to talk with friends on facebook, twitter, and @CAPS3. Computers help us learn and communicate. To start off, as an eight grades, we are prepared to go to high school. Fortunately, it means we do projects, reports, and research on the computer. The computer enables us to find information for a project, or construct a diagram or data table for a survey. Many people use this method for jobs. People do reports on celebrities and famous people from history. Books can't always give the information you are looking for, so they look up that persons name, and they will find our hundred of web sites that give information and photographs of that person. In addition to, computers let you book flights, buy, tax rates. Sometimes, people don't always to go and drive to a local car, so they go online to a website that sells, and they are able to look at all of the features of the car, the price, and mileage. The only way you can get tickets is if you go onto the internet. They have websites that let book whatever kind of flights you want. It can be to go to florida, or it can be a flight to @LOCATION1. If you also how the economy is doing, you can look up tax rates and how find out how much our country is in debt. You can even find out how much an average family pays - every year. Computers can be very they resourceful at @CAPS2. It gives capability to do more than you can imagine. Most importantly, computers have created a way for you talk to friends and family around the globe. Facebook and twitter are the new things of the century. Facebook and twitter let you talk to friends, post photos and talk about your personal life. They have a new thing now where you can play lifestyle games. @CAPS3 is not as popular anymore and doesn't have as many cool things. It only let's you talk to friends and that's why no one uses it anymore. People want to be able to do more than just talk. It comes to my attention that computers have over time. Computers these days enable you to talk with friends, do research and projects, and let you book flights and buy cars. Our school's curriculum has many projects and reports. They can be done only by the help of a computer. You can research people and places and or get pictures. You can also book flights for far away trips and buy cars and other items off the internet. We even have the capability to talk with friends on facebook and twitter. Computers have a positive influence on people."