"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, Are you always telling your kids to do their homework and get off the computer? Well, I might just be able to help. Computers do not benefit our society today. People are spending to much time on them; not enjoying the outdoors, and are taking away time to spend with friends and family. I believe having a limit each day on your computer might help solve these problems. The computers can be very distracting and you can use them too offten. Stairing at the computer screen can damage your eyes and kill brain cells. Thats one thing kids and adults dont notice. You need your brain cells for school. Joins and other activities, computers can also distract you from completing work, and then you have to stay up late to finish homework should come before the computer. Time flys by as your clicking and typing. The next thing you know as it's ten o'clock and your work is not completed. Since my schedule is so busy after school. I try to complete my work, then go to the computer before dance. This way I am my friends and relax. Taking time away from the computer is a smart idea. As it comes to @DATE1 time the weather is going to be beautiful and you don't want to waste a pretty day on the computer, @CAPS5 human body needs oxygen. Clearly, computers don't supply that. A great way to recieve oxygen is going outside for some exersize and energy. Playing outside can offer a lot more than a computer. You can swim, jump, or play sports. My doctor once told me, "" Everyone should have atleast an hour of exersize a day. ""You can't accomplish that by sitting at your computer. Next time there is sunshine out, no matter what season it is, go outside and take a break from electronics. Spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer. Friends and Family are not people to take advantage of. They are people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh. When your relatives come to town that you havn't seen in a while, You don't want to spend it on the computer. Talking and catching up with one another is a great way to re-connect. During family holidays, we don't bring our computers. We shut them off to spend time with each other. Friends and family are special gifts. So, don't throw away friendships or relationships with your family. Get away from the computer and bond. (did not finish)"