"Dear fellow citizens, @CAPS1 think if you had to get a book for every question you had. That would take a long time to even get the book let alone read it. Computers have helped the modern world with questions, long distance friends, and entertainment. Computers have helped us with more then those things the @CAPS2 is sucha universal thing that its hard to come up with all of the helpful things it does. For one the @CAPS2 helps us stay in contact with our friends that are far away without talking on the phone with them. Sites like @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 allow us to communicate and/or play with them. @CAPS1 think is the only way to talk with a friend from a different place would be to pick up the phone and call them well your friendship would disappear very quickly. This would happen because no one ever usualy has the time to pick up the phone and talk to the person and do nothing else. Well when you talk to them on the @CAPS2 you can do other things. For example if I wanted to I could talk to someone and the @CAPS2 and clean my room. Further more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or any else that is entertaining. On the to do I when my brother would let me use the play again. I was but them I @CAPS1 went better A also play movies, @CAPS5 shows videos. If you ever miss a show to watched home of the show and watch it. This could save someone time and effort. Lastly, The computers much more efficient is looking yet things. IT is much faster then looking through the library and you don't have leave your I although people say that the @CAPS2 is taking away time from reading well it really isn't it. For everything you want you can read online or if you really want to you can have the @CAPS2 don't for you. Reading isn't a problem at all. @NUM1 of america believes that computers help greatly and how they have more time to do things is being upgraded every day and it keeps getting better and better. In conclusion I believe that computers are helping us and is not a bad thing. Computers are great for us and good for bussy people. Now go and get a @CAPS2 to."