"Dear Readers, @CAPS1 of the most important inventions of the past decades is the computer, and it has its pros and cons. I think people spend to much time on computers, especially teenagers. They spend to much time on @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, and not enough time outside enjoying nature and playing sports or exercising. While they @MONTH1 talk with friends with @CAPS4, it is not the same as going to the park with friends and playing a game of baseball. Families also are distant form each other when they sit around on @CAPS5. Teenagers spend too much time on the @CAPS6 going where they should instead of doing more benefitul activities like reading. I sure we all know at least @CAPS1 obese person or teenager. My neighbor is the size of a killer whale and eats just about as much as @CAPS1. He will sit on the computer chair and stare with his eyes glazed at the computer chair and stare with his eyes glazed at the computer screen for hours on end. Sometimes I wonder how many brain cells he wastes per second. I will bet that everyone who reads this knows someone like my neighbor. The statistic @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2 is obese is not exagrated at all. In my opinion, it is the fault of the @CAPS6 and computers. Instead of going to the gym or the soccer field with friends, they got to the computer and talk and eat junk food. They spend their time watching pointless @CAPS5 videos, while they should be playing baseball or football. Doubters say you learn hand-eye cordination with computers, but you can learn better with sports. Computers are a large factor in obesity because they encourage @CAPS1 to sit around instead of doing standard @NUM1 minutes a day of exercise. The next pressing issue is the amount of reading the average teenager and @CAPS9 does. I would say that the average gets about @NUM2 minutes of reading a day because they are to busy chating with friends on the @CAPS6. I have a cousin who reads about a book every @NUM3 years and fail every test he gets and has stayed back @NUM4 times, but instead of reading and learning, he is chating and texting. He wastes these excellent educational opportunitys while their are people in underdevolped countries like @LOCATION3 who are lucky to own a book. I know more than @PERCENT2 of the kids in my class do not read anything execpt the required reading and that is because they sit around on the computers wasting @CAPS10 is about @NUM5 and that number is decreasing because of the lack of reading done and the time on computers spent. I have seen survey that say @NUM6 out of @NUM7 spend more than @NUM6 hours a day on computers. These statistics and quotes have left me thinking, how much time do we really need to spend on computers instead of reading or else we will turn into oversized monkey who can't even rad. The computers and @CAPS6 are doing more than just erasing brain cell and are health, they are taking away the expriences that we could have outside in nature. Nature holds natural wonders like the @ORGANIZATION1, the @CAPS11 @CAPS12 and the @CAPS13 @CAPS14. What beats sking down a large slope, or climbing the @LOCATION1, certainly not computers. Unfortunatly, that what most @CAPS15 choose to do. They sit and tap on the keyboard instead of walking nature trails and walking on the beaches. They sit on old moldy chairs and stare at computer screens, unlike the people enjoying the butterfly gardens and wildlife preserves. Instead of taking steps to help the enviorment we are siting on the computers sleeping and being mesmerized by the light of the screen. We should be preserving and learning abouy what is left on the planet, but we are not because of these computes and the @CAPS6. I have present a strong arguement against computers that you @MONTH1 listen to or not. I strongly urge you to take action to start reduce time on computers spent. Set up programs at your house or town for turning off the computers. We need to do something now!"