"Click, click, click the mouse of a computer goes as you are searhcing throughout the internet. Computers are a great way to teach kids how to be social, make people more intellegent, and help you with your homework, I believe that computers have a very positivr effect on people. Computers can touch kids to be social because first off computers are like an online phone, you can talk to people in so many ways, facebook caht, aim(chat),, myspace, twitter, skype, and a lot of others ways that i havent mentioned. Also I think is a teen or kid or even adult that is too nervous to talk to people on the phone or in person, and is socialy not their or painfully shy can start of by just chatting with people online. Once they feels more comfoatable, then they can start talking to the person on the phone or in person. For example, I once @MONTH1 this girl who was very sweet, but was painfully shy and everyone for it, so one day she decided to make an aim nad talk to poeple on it, and provove that she isn'e a annoying wherd girl that everyone makes her out to be. She turned out to be one of the nicestly funniest person I ahve hung out with in a while. Which how internet can help you. HAve you ever felt that computers sometimes make you more intellegent? Well, in my opinion I think that computers help out so much more than a book. If you want information its just about typing some keys and a click of a button. Ahving a computer is like your own personal handbook of veerything in the world. A lot of people these days study from the internet, I know I sure do. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 more people say, that computers are more helpful than books and can make you a lot more intellegent, because the internet has so much more deatil than books, and mor efacts. @PERCENT2 of kids that have a computer use it for homewrok. Computers is a great tool to use while you are doing your homework. I spend most of the day on my computer doing homework than off it. For example, say you have a report and you need facts on @CAPS1 @PERSON1, and where he was born. You would jus type in, ""when was @ORGANIZATION1 boen."" and born! There it is with the date exactly. Also if you having a piece of writing like your rough draft so why spend the time trying to write really neat and perfect? When you can just open up a word document and type it up. To sum everything up computers have deffenatly a positive effect on people from these three reasons, computers are a great way to teach kids hohw to be social, make people more intellegent, and help you with your homework, But I understand where your coming from people are spending way to much time on their computer and less time exersising, but you can look up great ways to exersise on the internet and watch videos of people that have @CAPS2.V shows about exersising and do it with them on the computer. Remember, computers aren'@CAPS2 just a waste of time and way to will your brain cells. they have a very positive effect on you. "