"I believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one. Computers these days are very advanced and allow you to talk to your friends, allow you to acess information more efficiently, and have increased our man power in scientific research. Almost every teen has a screen name that allows you to chat online with your friends. This function keeps kids in touch and active. Eventhough instant messaging can distract kids from their daily life it can also be amazingly helpful. Just last week a friend of mine had forgotten to write down their homework and easly contacted online. I was able to let them know @NUM1 a matter of seconds. Like wise, with this online communication you can also talk and and video chat as if you right there with your friends not everyday do you get to go hang out with your friends so this is an easy alternative. Not only is quick and easy it's free. Computers keep kids off their phones and from jucking up the bill and causing those loud annoying phone bill conversations how to limit your texting. The most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information. The internet allows people to acess millions of websites and light speed. Every second of the day their is someone on the internet searching for date that they would have to go to the library to get. Computers are a key part in society and we depend on them without them we would all be lost. They provide an easier way to life that us lazy @CAPS1 need to survive. The internet keeps us updated and informed on whats going on all around the world without even going there. We need the internet and we couldn't acess it without computers. One of the largest aspects of life computers have helped us with is research. Computers have multiplied our man power giving us more organized way to store date. Recently I was watching a show where they had a computer testing items for @CAPS2 a process that would take a human weeks. They also help us be different and more creative people. With the computer came smaller more compact computers till they were able to fit in the palm of our hand. They have lead us to think we can do greater things in life and keep our earth safe and to stop damaging it as much. They're lead us to research the unknown areas of the world where @NUM2 years ago a scientist with a pad of paper didn't have dare to even think about. Computers have linked the world through communication and information and have exelled us to greater heights in understanding how we came to be. Overall society needs computers and they have and overwhelming positive affect on society."