"@ORGANIZATION1, I strongly believe that we need computers. Computers are very helpful they are a very big part in are world, ability to learn about very interesting facts, and they allow people talk online too. After reading my letter I hope you agree with me. First of all compters are important because as our world gets more technilque inclined compters are need for almost every job and you will want people to know how to work a computer. Police officers use compters to find want criminals and put criminals into the computer to keep them on files. Schools use computers everyday for kids to do reports on, find information, and do homework on too. As a student I know that kids use computers all the time. For example @TIME1 I used computers to do my math homeworks that my teacher assigned me. After you read my letter I hope you will agree with me. Secondly you have the ability to research places all over the world. Another good thing with computers is that you can look up the news and be updated everything that is going on right now. Computers are just great to use because if you don't like write you have a computer and you might even get it done faster if you are a good and fast type. I use computers to do all my essays and book reports for @LOCATION1 I also use it for look at the news to see ehats going on in the world. Lastly computers are get because they allow you to talk to people online. You can either email them or talk to them from a web cam. Online chat is good to keep in touch with a friend from far away or even ask a friend ehat the homework was tonight. I like to ise a web cam for the reasons I just listed because on my birthday my sister could't come home from college so we hooked up some web cams so she could be there when we open presents and song happy birthday. After you read my letter I hope you will agree with me. I hope I have persuaded you to show you that computers are very important and that why we use them so much beccause computers are very helpful, they give you the ability to learn interesting facts and they allow you to talk to people online."