"Dear Newspaper, Advances in technology, while amazing, don't always have a positive effect on society. That is why, I honestly believe computers do not benefit my community. For instance, computers can be very dangerous and people these days just seem to spend too much time using them! Not to mention, computers cost way too much money. To begin, my mom and dad always say, ""don't talk to strangers,"" when I go out. I think they should say the same when I go to use my computer. Computers can truly be dangerous for someone who isn't careful. For example, online predators often depict themselves as someone they aren't. Therefore, you can't ever really trust someone you simply met in a chat room. Also, cyber bullying is another problem computers put people at risk for. Another danger computers have, is anything posted on the internet can be accessed by almost anyone. This includes pictures, blogs, comments and. I believe society would be better off without the constant worry of a computer! Secondly, people, especially the younger generation, spend excessive amounts of time on computers. Some people spend hours each day using a computer when they could be doing an activity that actually benefited them. If people spent just as much time helping their community as much time helping their community as they did on the computer, the world would be a much better place to live. Not to mention, it would bring people closer to one another. Computers seem to control peoples' lives and that just isn't healthy. I think people should spend more time living and less time with their faces glued to a computer screen! Lastly, computers are like vampires, sucking away your money. In @DATE1's economy people need to be saving their money for college or even simpler things like a new pair of shoes! Additionaly, at the rate that technology is advances, even the most high-tech computers are out of date in a year or two and a new one is needed. Also, computers' prices are constantly rising. It is very hard to keep up! I strongly believe computers are a waste of money and bring society down. All in all, computers just are a negative attribute in communities across the @LOCATION1. First off they can be dangerous. Secondly, they are too time consuming and, thirdly, computers are too expensive. Computers just simply are a hassle in @DATE1's world."