"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 is my belief that people are spending too much time on computers. Now a days you can do anything on a computer. Such as, talk to friends, play games, even turn off your lights! But, what are they taking away from us? There taking away communication skills and is same uses creating cyber bullying. They also don't let us enjoy the beauty of nature and exercising. One out of every @NUM1 teens spends more time telling people on the computer then face to face. This way of communication prevents children from learning valuable social skills which come with conversing face to face. This makes @CAPS1 more difficult for children to make friends, or even to do well is work intencies. Studies say by each upcoming generation the communication skills are decreasing by @PERCENT2. Eventually, if @CAPS1 continues to drop at this the will have a world that went. This style of communication has ever a new type of bullying. What have we do to people? You waste over @NUM2 days a year sitting in front of your computer. in this wasted time you could be out going for a jog or walking the day. in fact, the percentage of people that have computer is much greeter than the percentage of people that do not only you exercising for yourself. The computer cant do @CAPS1 for you. Sitting in front of a computer does nothing for your body. You physicaly have to get up and move. Its good for your health, got fresh air. Coming to a point about fresh air @PERCENT1 of people who use computers at home are more likely telecom sick than people who doesnt leave you set seem for sometimes. Seeing nature like never before, I dont think. Yes you can look us the green spotted tree from on the internet, but its nothing like in nature and @CAPS1 is real life. Discoveries cannot be made about new species on the computer, a computer cant find @CAPS1 for your find @CAPS1. People are and less about the environment does to computer. They are seeing a picture not the healthy. After writing this I can te the that I was about myself and personal, which scared me the most I realizes I am becoming more and more dependent on computer each day. I dont seeing friends as. I dont go outside as much, and I don't as much. This true for must people whether you realize @CAPS1 or not I personaly ongoing today and out on time computing you will te. Computer are to much lets for from there hold and deo something more with there lives. This well improve our. So this brings to my final that computers are a bad influence on human and we should use less of them and for ourselves by doing not seeing. Thank you for your time."