"To the editor of the daily newspaper, I strongly believe that computers have a negative affect on people of all ages. Computers these days are being used way too much for useage of priveleges that we already have. While people are using the computer for random activities, they are not having any physical activity. Also emailing and facebooks are great websites to communicate with but people are checking emails all the time instead paying attention to when their parents get home from a long day at work. With this people are so consumed into the computer that kids get side tracked and forget to do homeworks. Computers are great invention but with todays society there are to many issues that aren't always being appointed. In the first place, people aren't getting the exercise that they need because they are playing on the computer or video chatting with a friend. About @NUM1 of america is obess so excercising should definitely be a priority but with these new websites and activities on the computer people are getting held back. With this, kids and adults are communicating in high end ways that waste too much time. The computers have so many stupid activities that are not needed which make us not excercise because many people think that the options and webpages are important and needed. Indeed computers are a technology that is needed but people are taking advantage of it too much by having their whole life in the computer instead of having it toward other things such as excercising and being healthy. In addition to computers taking away from excerscising they are also taking time away from your family. For example, @TIME1 when my dad got home. From a long day at work no @CAPS1 truly a bear hug that he was longing for because everyone was so interested in their email or what my sisters friend just said on facebook. Family is the most important part of your life and if computers are getting in the way, computer use absolutely has to be changed. Which is more important to you, family or computers? I understand that you still talk to your family and give them hugs but when you rae talking to your sister through facebook eventhough there just in the next room. It is lobvious needs to be done. Computers affect you and everyone around you in more ways than @CAPS1. Finally, computers take away family but also schoolwork and works. Most kids spend so much time on the computer and they to do their homework. This is unexeptable and can be away, kids and teenagers are always playing games, facebooking friends and video chatting making them realize at that they need to start their home work! A girl from @PERSON1 said, ""@CAPS1 time I was on facebook for the whole afternoon and then I realized I never started my @CAPS2 essay!"" This has happened to so many people because computers are too distracting and drain your brain. Moreover, yesterday I remember that I was video chatting my friend for @NUM2 hours and didn't start my homework until @NUM3! The computer evryone that goes it which is uneceptable. Without computers a negative affect people. off people exercising out with time in the computer which is unbelievable and terrible. Also they cut communication with your family making it rare to truly bond with them. With this people become glued to the computer and forget to do their homework. Overall computers are that make life that much more stressful. Thank you for listening."