"How do you think the world would be without computers? I think it would bring us back a couple of ages. We need computers for communication and to learn things that need to learn. Without computers our country would be nothing. People say you don't get enough exercise and don't enjoy nature enough. Well there are ways to do that too. Communication is one of the greatest things about computers. Teenagers love to @CAPS9 @CAPS10 eachother when there at home because its so fast its like really talkiing to them. @CAPS1-@CAPS2 is another thing people love to use. Bosses of companies use @CAPS1-@CAPS2 to send @CAPS10 to everyone so they're all on the same page. There is also a new video chat were you can talk face to face with someone and see them from the other side of the world if you wanted to. You can also learn all you need to know on computers. They have dictionary sites, history sites, encyclopedia sites, etc. You can find any certain time in history and have a whole site on it. Or a site called wikipedia you can look up a certain thing and get a whole web page dedicated to the info of that object or person. Schools also use sites to help students have their knowledge. They have math sites, english sites, @CAPS3 studies sites, and (a science teacher favorite) @CAPS4 @CAPS5 for everything you need to know about science. They also have lots of websites for help with a new language. There is a recent program out caled @CAPS6 @CAPS7 that is on the computer but teaches you any language as well as any human teacher. Some people still say its not enough. They say you still need exercise, nature, and time with your family. You can still do all that on computers. You can look up certain workouts that you might want to do. You can search good trails to hike on that are near where you live. They have websites (like @CAPS8) were you can @CAPS9 @CAPS10, @CAPS11 pictures, play games, and video chat with your family members who @MONTH1 be living across the world from you. But you canstill do it. Even though I explained a lot of reasons why computers are a great thing to have, there are still a ton more. The teach hand eye coordination and many other things too. You can check sports scores from the night before or check sports score from @NUM1 years ago. You can do all this on the computer and more. This is why computers have a positive effect on people and everyone should have a computer."