"To middlebury paper, @CAPS1 the article on wether or not computers benefit society, my opinion is that they have lots @MONEY1 pros to make them a worthwhile thing to have in our towns schools, homes and businesses. They can help more than they hurt, and can you honestly see your life without checking e-mails and keeping up to date with our society? Computers in schools help to increase the amount @MONEY1 learning our children. @CAPS1 example, @PERSON1 can study their math facts online @CAPS1 math or learn about the skeletal system @CAPS1 health classes. It also is an advantage is conserving money because instead @MONEY1 having to pay @CAPS1 your son or daughter to fly to @LOCATION1 to learn about the collisreum, you can let them learn about it on the internet first, to see if the trip is actually worthwhile. Also an essential thing needed to life is hand eye coordination, and a way to practice that is playing exercise practice games on a computer. Thats help install the coordination your towns children will use @CAPS1 the rest @MONEY1 their ! Educational benefits will only increase as technology, so cutting children from it now is a big mistake! With computers, communication is a . Students can get homework through their e-mail. Saving time so they have more time coming up. The cost effectiveness computers because instead @MONEY1 paying @CAPS1 phone bills and tutors @CAPS1 your children and cellphone bills, you can just talk through e-mail and potentially save @MONEY1! Keeping in touch with families is simplified also because in just one e-mail you can catch with all your family members! Speeding up communication with computers clearly has benefits no one wants to miss out on. So why would you make that mistake. @CAPS1 addressing you can't place the blame on computers @CAPS1 why people don't exercise people as much. People choose how community they exercise, on the computers. Computers don't control wether you family or not. If anything they help together! Spending time in nature is that particular persons. Choice no one elses. All these cons can't be blamed on computers, because its the people that decide how much they're used, not the computer. All in all, I think keeping our use @MONEY1 computers where it is now is the best idea, because without it communication and education will decrease and with that, who says exercising will increase?! Overall the choice is the computers user, not the computer, so when used in discretion, computos contribute greatly to society."