"In todays day in age, computers are a key part to business, education, and recreation and they benefit our society. First of all, you can get a better education learning from them, also, it is a great way to communicate with people. Finally, it even teacher hand-eye coordination that you could use in your everyday life. My first point is that you can get a better education using them. For example, the textbooks that we use in social studies at our school still refers to @LOCATION3 as the @LOCATION1. Computers are a great way to get up-to-date information about the world. ""With our outdated textbooks in school, the @CAPS1 is our number one recourse to get information."" @CAPS2 @PERSON2 eighth grade teacher. With computers, you can learn about far away places without learing the comfort of your own home. In addition to getting a great education from them, computers are an eyelent form of communication. I remember when I was in @NUM1 grade and my father was across the world on a business trip. Our phones couldn't call long distance so we relied on computers to communicate with each other. This helped me get over my father's absence. When you use a computer to communicate you are also saving money."" You can save over @MONEY1 a year. When you use the @CAPS1 to communicate over a cell phone."" @CAPS2 @PERSON1, electronics expert. Finally, the use of a computer increas hand-eye coordination. With all the typing you do on a key board, your hand dexterity increases by the second. In fact, ""@PERCENT1 of computer users are more coordinated throught their day, opposed to people who don't own a computer."" @CAPS3 a recent pole in the @LOCATION2 times. And in this day in age hand-eye coordiantion is a neccesity. Besides wouldn't you like to have the ability to have your hands work without having to look at them? So as you can see, computers would benifit society and everyone who uses them. They are a great benifit that @CAPS4's need for their education and buisness. Thank you for listenging."