"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever used a computer? More than @PERCENT1 of the population Computers benefit society and have gotten people all over the world smarter and advanced. Computers help people learn things keep in touch with family and friends! They @MONTH1 also tad addicting but people know when to stop. Computers have brought us a long way! Computers are a magnificent tool for new things. The great websites for example search engines, dictionary even @CAPS1 all virtually encourage us to learn about the ""riches"" the tropical @LOCATION1. By computers letting people easily access tools that help us gain knowledge can become more advanced in many of our lives. For example by on the computer, scientist can develop new theories did uncover things! Computers also have websites and programs that can help you cannot will family and friends! ""I have last touch with many of my friends from high school,"" @PERSON1 explains ""the computer through email and facebook, is a great way to stay in touch with them!"" Computers of websites including facebook, and myspace that can help people stay in touch/find family and friends. It has came to my realization to find that many people would live long, lives if they could not internet will friend. But with the help people are lively and happy including with friend! Although computer are good for this they @MONTH1 be addiction. I have people that @MONTH1 be able to have computer addiction. But on the other feel that the if he can make their decisions in what is right. If people want to spend countless hours sitting in front of the glowing technology then be it. Not one person. Computers anyone it is simply unconstituional. Most people including understand that computers are a benefitful and fantistic source of technology. @NUM1 out of @NUM1,000 people in the world are addicted to computers. There from the small we are able that computers are for from addicting. In conclusion, Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach help stay in touch and are not addicting. Therefore they very beneficial to the world, its people and technology."