"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, Computers lately have been considered a distraction and unessasary device. I personally think that they have many things to offer everyone each helps us and understand things and subjects we couldn't understand before. Also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person. They could easily go to play and talk with family and friends if they wanted to. Computers are also not becoming a important and learning, making informationeasier to before. The most popular and common of a computer now is communication. Websites are invented on the main idea of communicating. Computers are a important part of the future life that isn't harmful or unnessary. Resently we have been able to use computers in so many helpful ways. Learning and studying new and important things. Researching and collecting data to cure a desies to working on a machicene. They are now a important and useful part of jobs people have now. Almost anything published or shown to the public went through a computer. So people 's jobs on computers working and learning. Like a job you print out a paper every week or day even. You use computers to edit and put together your paper before printing. So basic computer skills are important for people to have for new jobs and common ones you see everyday. Computers are rumored also to be too time consuming and unhealthy for a person. Computers are a optional thing for people to use in their own time required to do. The person could go out and see friends and family. Go to the gym, a vacation without a computer. Yes they are fun to use they have a lot of things to do it isn't needed like air or water. You can live without using a computer for us a week. You can take a walk, read a book, go hangout with your family and won't be pressured for computer time at all. If your worried about it take a break from it for a while. You can do things without a computer. Learning with computers is thing lately, in @CAPS2 they're going in the computer lab learning to read on or other programs. Studying or writing essay in my grade mostly. Researching for a class and making a project. Computers are useful in school. You also read about new subjects and learn new things on computers possibly helping you in your classes or. The biggest use of computers now is communication through many websites like youtube, facebook, myspace and many others. They allow people to communicate their ideas and opinions. Talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill. Seeing politics and daily news to the weather. Almost all means of communication can be done with a computer. So now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach. It is not unhealthy or time consuming unless you are allowing your computer usage to be that."