"Dear @PERSON1, Computers are necessary and benefit our community. They do a great deal to help make our lives easier. There is not a day that we do not use a computer in some way or another. The benefits of our computers are they connect us, the spread news, and they make every day objects work. Computers connect us in so many difffrent ways. Where would businesses be without computers? Most modern day businesses are run by computers. Owners can now have businesses all over the world. With computers a business in @LOCATION2 or somewhere else in @LOCATION4 can be connected with a building in @LOCATION1. They can have live video chats together. With the help of the computers they are able to contact any branch of their business all over the world. Even smaller businesses use the computer to connect to customers. Now a days we do a lot of online shopping. This is an example of how stores connect to their customers. Stores can show buyers everything they have to offer including store locations. This can help stores get more business by connecting the buyer to the shop. The computer not only connects stores and businesses but also people to people. @PERCENT1 of kids in my school own a computer. With all these computers many social networking sites are born. The most popular right now is @CAPS1. Students can connect to old friends from other places and even other countries. We have a live chat on @CAPS1 or even @CAPS2. @CAPS2 is instant messging which is, well, instant. With a simple click people are connected no matter how far apart they are. Therefore, computers conect people. Computers also broadcast news. Without the computers most of us would not no about world news. This includes the @LOCATION3 earthquake. If we did not have the computers to let us know about the earthquake in @LOCATION3 they would be in alot more trouble. They would not have all of these donations. Also computers even broadcast national news. Almost all newspapers are now online along with on paper too. Anyday now they will be completly online. This will drastically change how we learn about news. It would just be a click away. What would have taken days to get here now takes minutes or maybe even seconds. Science also benefits from computers. Phones now can be personal tws, inernet, and messaging devises. Phones are just a tiny version of a computer. Cars also have computers put into them. The @CAPS3 in our cars are computers; we would be lost without them. Also, in cars there are computers to run just about everything else. So, there is not a day where we do not incounter computers. In conclusion, computers benefit us in so many ways. They conect us deliver news, and are in almost all of our technology. Could you imagine life without computers?"