"To whom it @MONTH1 concern: I will agree that computers have caused many people to spend less time outside. However, it has kept kids inside instead @ORGANIZATION2 on the streets causing trouble. Computers have become a part @ORGANIZATION2 our everyday life. Some use it to stay connected with family or to reconnect with old friends. Experts say it's bad but the @ORGANIZATION2 gives us a computer class in @ORGANIZATION1? We learn keyboarding skills. @ORGANIZATION3 techniques and how to research any topic. @ORGANIZATION1, itself has influenced computer use. If we could travel back in time, we would most likely see kids hanging around the streets. Now-a-days, kids spend a lot @ORGANIZATION2 time inside, on the computers. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I bet you, or your parents, or maybe even your grandparents used to hear @ORGANIZATION2 gangs or fights going on in the streets. Now that computers have become an important item in many people's lives you don't hear those types @ORGANIZATION2 things as much. I'm not saying they don't happen but you don't hear your child come home and talk about gangs and fights. Therefore, being on the computer isn't that bad. In history you probably learned about immigrants coming over to @LOCATION1 to get away from their ruler. Well, not everyone was able to come. Some people have family in another country. Due to time difference, it is hard to stay in touch. My mother came over here when she was @NUM1. The rest @ORGANIZATION2 her family still lives in @LOCATION2. To stay in touch they email or @CAPS1 chat. The five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call. The invention @ORGANIZATION2 computers has made it easier to catch up with family! Most importantly, the use @ORGANIZATION2 computers is influenced in schools. My @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION1, has a computer class, where we learn how to skillfully type. We are also taught how to correctly cite and research work. This is helpful because if we don't know this information we could plagiarize and plagiarism is illegal. Frequently, teachers give us projects that ask for computer use.. Either we have to look something up for specific, accurate information or we have to type a @ORGANIZATION3 document. As well as using the the online @CAPS2 book instead @ORGANIZATION2 taking it home. After reading all the facts, I'm sure you will agree that computers can benefit society. Students stay off the streets and only cause trouble with siblings at home. People won't feel like they've left or lost their family. Schools influence computer use to help us learn. Certainly you cannot disagree with me!"