"Dear @CAPS1 or @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 people believe that computors are harmful to our society because people spend more time on such technology. I believe that this is not the reason our society is falling today although I agree that people spend to much time on the computor. Computors are actually helpful in our society because it is an advance in communication. People have found ways to communicate with other people through plugging in a web cam and mic. Not only does the computor help communication but it also helps us gain information on modern day society like the news to stay up-to-date. This complicated device can also save files and documents by typing them in so that if it is lost you could just reprint it out. One main thing that people of modern day technology usually do is talk to faraway friends and family on spare time. Legal websites allow people to be informed of a friend or family about events that have ocurred like an incident or an up coming event. @CAPS2 experts like @PERSON1, who specializes in the behavior of people, says that this is a number one cause of obeisity and prevents people from meeting other people outside or even plain exercise. I would say this isn't completely true because before even talking to anyone. Online people usually go for a jog around the neighborhood. Information is vital in our society and keeps us up-to-date on modern life. A computor can give us certain information like news and whether report. These days every smart person would go search information on a computor for not only missed news but for future forecast on whether to plan a picnic. This would be a helpful tool to our society in order to keep up with the world and not miss the latest event. I believe this is an advance in our modern day society because you could get the information you need. When you are in a rush to go to work don't you end up losing papers and files just forgetting about them? The computor can send data to a computor to conviently copy a file or document so you won't have to rush to work and worry about lost files. It has been known that thirty out of fifty people have saved themselves from losing a job from a computor. The computor can also hold and store data for later use like a song or picture. You could send that file and listen to it on another computor. Now is the time to decide if you should support computors. The computor can help you talk to long lost friends of one touch of a button. If you need certain information than you could find it on a computor without ever leaving your comfortable home. last and not least you could hold important files and documents and save yourself the trouble from rushing to work. So go and type that letter to a representative to help people see that computors are good for our society."