"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you ever wonder who really invented the ice cream cone while standing there licking one? Well why don't you just rip out your blackberry and find out? That is that great thing about technology. You can talk to friends or family get help, and it is there. Whenever you need it. Have you ever had to move so far away from your best friend that you cried so much someone thought it was raining? Well this is not nessesary because you can now have a webcam in your computer and talk as much as possible. Of course, its out the same as being there with the person, but its pretty close. You can talk whenever, wherever, with the great invention of computers. One other way that a computer benifits talking in other people @MONTH1 be you and your friends can chat. If your parents are out and won't let you get out you can still talk to your friends. Lastly if you are older you can use facebook to find friends you have not seen in a long amount at time. Another reason that the computer and technology are great is because you can get information you need it. Schools practicaly live on computers. Not only the students but teachers too. The teachers assign projects that include going on the computers and finding information all about your topic. Also if you just that you have never heard of before you can go and find out about it. It is great to those all you have to @CAPS2 is clik a buttom and every bit of information is at you fingertips. This can coms in handy when you are in a fight with your friend about who is a better @PERSON1. You can just look up who has gotten more home runs and there you go. You've got a winner! Have you ever been at dinner and someone ask if you have the hockey game score and you friends, husband brothers out his phone and then says @NUM1 to @NUM2 about @NUM3 minutes after you asked? Well that must mean they have internet on their phone. Phones such as blackberrys, @CAPS3, and iPhone all have internet built in. This means when they are in the airport waiting for their plane, they can just play a game or watch some television. To me that is a pretty cool invention. Also people in business and industry have phones with internet built in because they can just look something up at anytime. So this is why I think having technology is good in our society. Ecspecially because they can talk to far away friends and whatever. Kind of information you need you can already have it with a touch of a button. Also, you can have it in stuff such as you phone or in another technology related thing."