"Advancements in technology are very practical and have a positive effect on those fortunate enough to have a computer. First, computers help reach people to have better hand-eye coordination. @CAPS1, computers make it simple to learn new information about many things such as people and places across the globe. finally, computers allow people in different places to communicate instantly for the reasons above, computers are very helpful to people all around the world. One of the ways computers help people is through improving their hand eye coordination when a person learns to type and look at a screen at the same time. They will be able to do sample everyday asks much better. Is a person does not have good hand-eye coordination. They cannot ever make on the ones of a paper properly! This also, with focus, and people with better focus excel in school, work and their social lives. Hand-eye coordination is very important to learn and computers help to teach it to people. The @CAPS1 reason that I think computers people to learn about new. I myself and through have know many proces. My now lucky I to be able to realize how, and the research is because of computers. Computers are aducating. Finally, computers handy because they telephone. One way communication in computers is my instant. This is when they type and this is similar to a telephone conversation, but free of charge. The final and most popular way is video chat. Video chat is when the people use cameras connected to their computers and can talk to each other while seeing each other's face! All these ways of communicating with people around the world are very beneficial to many people, especially those with family or friends living in another town. Without a doubt, computers benefit people in society in many ways. They teach them hand eye coordination which is very important for simple, everyday tasks they also help people everywhere in the world learn about that they couldnt learn about with books. Last but not least, computers people are world in communicate with each other. In all these ways, computers help people everywhere and."