"Dear editor, I believe that computers are a great and fun tool. But I also believe people can spend to much time on them. The computer is excellent. People can use them to type papers or reports, makes graphs, and other important things for us. Schools are using computers more and more now. Schools have websites for students to go to findout there homework, classwork, projects, reports, and extracredit. The school has even started doing something very new, allowing parents and kids to check the students grade online. Not only do the schools help students, but also everyday people help as well. if a student has a project but doesn't know how to start it then he or she can google there project and ways to start it. Computers can be real great and easy to use as you can see, for schoolwork. Computers are not only great for academic purposes, but also for leisure purposes. Before computers and internet, there were only these ways to have fun during boring times in the day. One was watching tv, reading a book, or going outside, if you could. What do I mean by that last sentence? If you lived in a city, then it would be harder to go outside because maybe you lived in an apartment or somewhere not a comunity. Then you couldn't go out; and reading books can become boring after a while, and maybe there was nothing on tv for you to watch. But when computers and internet cameout, people sould play games, watch videos, and talk to cousins or family who live far away. Computers are also good for social networks. Not all familys live close, but are a close family. But in this ec onomy we can't always afford to visit them whenever. So by using computers we can @CAPS1 them facebook them, ,myspace them, and even video chat with them, which as I said is great far away family. But at times people can become to obsesed with them. Some people spend all day on one website, particulary facebook or youtube. Do not get me wrong, these websites are fun and cool. But not cool enough to not go outside and have free, natural fun. I remember I logged into facebook and saw a girl on, I logged off around an hour later and she was still on, then I logged in again around @TIME1 and the same girl was on! That is just to long to be on one website. Computer are a great tool for humans to use for business, education, and leisure. But to much is not good."