"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 do you keep in touch and @CAPS1 do computers effect your job? Some people are using computer to often and arent able to enjoy the outside. World. Some use computers for other things then to some times just waste time. I believe with computers having a strong a positive affect on people. You can keep in touch, you can learn, and you can have fun with computers. Computers have a big role in our society, and I know you'll have the right decision on whether or not computers are used to much. You can keep in touch. Not only can you keep in touch with relatives, but also people in different countries, or states, and even people like your friends who live next door. E-mail is a great and healthy way to communicate with others. There are also other websites like facebook and skype were you can actually post pictures up about yourself and family and be protected. @CAPS3 if you live miles and miles away you can easily show your friends the things you've been doing or your new baby boy. @CAPS4 also shows things about your personal info. You can make friends with people and plan @CAPS1 your going to hang out this weeked. Yesterday my @CAPS2 emailed me a picture of a cub bear in a tree outside of his cabin he was playing in, in for. He's over @NUM1 hours away and I can still email him back saying, ""@CAPS2, did you make a friend."" With in seconds he can respond saying, ""I even got a bear hug =)!"" @CAPS3 I talk to him while he's away and were almost together. I bet you use email as much as we do to get a of printers and. @CAPS4's a fast and easy way to communicate. You can learn.. Computers are a very big part in the learning experience. Teachers, students, parents, and grandparents learn everyday with computers. There are educational websites to learn about things. In our school yesterday on ""quiz.com."" @CAPS4's a website for schools were you can take quiz instead of paper. If your a busy parent, with kids, you can work online. You can get payed for the work you do with, websites, and. You can also go to school online. There are people are very busy and dont have time to go to college classes can take classes. They can learn and even interact with. The computers teach you they dont hurt you. Everything. Security, jobs, bills, school, contacting, games, everything. Most people, schools, catch their buisnesses with out a computer. Computers protects you and help you grow. You can have fun with computers. A lot of people go online and play games on numerous websites. These game can past time and the player some fun. @CAPS4 might not be running but its fun. You can do @CAPS3 many things on the computer to have fun. You can play online games, download music, skype, browse, shop,, and even meet people. Meeting people is a big thing. A lot of people these days are using. way to meet and interact with new and interesting people. My cousin is now @NUM2 and he used online dating and met this really sweet and pretty girl that lived nearby. @NUM3 years later they're maried and are more in love than imagined. See @CAPS3 love can be found out on computers and a lot of fun too. You have read my reasons and you have realized what the computer does for the world. Most everyone owns a computer and almost everyone needs one. This an easy way to communicate or keep in touch, you can learn from, and you can have fun with the computer. Many more things that are in good use. I have now convinced you that computers are very positive for people."