"To whomever this @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 your life without a laptop or a desktop computer. It would be hectic right? How will you keep up with your email or type of the articles for this very newspaper? Even though some people @MONTH1 believe that computers are taking away from exercise, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends, computers do have a positive effect on us. The list of reasons why is endless but three that stand out are you can communicate with people in other states or countries, it's more interesting to learn from a website than a textbook, and eventually @CAPS2 will be computerized anyway. Am I right? Have your old teachers ever assigned you a pen pal in another state or country? If yes, didn't you have to, write letters? Then, you had to wait at least @NUM1 weeks before your pen pal wrote back. If you had used computers, you would've gotten a response back within days. I know many parents and other adults @MONTH1 think that e-mails are a waste of energy but actually they're faster than letters will ever be. Has your daughter or son ever told you that reading from a textbook is boring? Yes? No? That's where computers come in. It's much more interesting to use the internet than reading from a book. I understand that some students can read from a book and retain all of the facts that they've learned from that one book but various students learn differently than that. If a student learns from the internet, they're more likely to remember it because they won't be put to sleep by the boredom of a textbook. Many people have mentioned and some statistics show that by at least @DATE1, @CAPS2 will be computerized. Do you seriously want to be the last one left behind? I wouldn't I understand that you are a person who likes to keep up with the current events so why not use your computer more often? When they say @CAPS2, they mean @CAPS2. They even have @CAPS3 tools on computer. So I want you to take a survey of how many people find computers effective and you'll be surprised. Many people will say the same that I've said. The choice is yours, which side are you on? Thank you."