"Dear editors, I was planning on taking a trip to @LOCATION1. I found directions within a second using a computer. Computers are great, people friendly pieces of equipment, but as technology evolves, people are beginning to rely on their computers for entertainment. Some people @MONTH1 disagree, but there are many outdoor activities that are more healthy then sitting around on the computer all day such as socializing, the great-outdoors, and other on sports. Familiar with @CAPS1 is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers. Did you know that anybody can view your profile which contains personal info? You don't always have to chat online. Call up a friend and hang out at maybe a local movie theatre. Many people, and I agree, think seeing a movie with their pals is alot more entertaining then playing online chess or any other virtual game with a friend a fan of movies? No problem! go on a walk or a bike ride or walk your dog while riding a bike! There are so many. @ORGANIZATION1 park. What an amazing place to spend your vacation camp outs at @TIME1, bikes during the day, its a wonderful part of nature and the best part of you a park anywhere in the world! Camp out on the weekend place to become closer with your family and friends. Hiking is a popular part of a parks and can be performed by all ages, so go out and spend a weekend in the great outdoors! Not looking at a computer screen. Soccer, baseball, basketball and lacrosse. These are just come of the many fun sports. Out there, and yes, they are certainly fun and healthy. Every town I know about has sport fields where many kids and adults of all ages use. it also a great way to make friends! Get to know them in person and not over the internet. Daily exercise while having fun beats just having fun on a computer. What are you waiting for? Stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends. Visit a local park or play a sport for fun. If I were to name everything to do other than use a computer, it wouldn't fit in this entire newspaper. So go explore!"