"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 the fresh air that cools your skin and the wind blowing through your hair while you are running side by side next to your best friend. And you think about the millions of people who spend their time chating on the computer. You also wonder about the amount of exercise those people would have, and would they be able to interact with friends and family members. Just think about your current lifestyle is it occupied with computers or is it free and wild? When you think about chatting to people do you think communicating in person or communicating by aim? I have surveyed friends and resulted with five out of ten go home and chat to friends online. This upset me because this half mainly had kids that did not play sports but yet they were very talkative, so in aim a problem I still have yet to find out. I asked question like ""what do you do at home?"", ""are you a computer geek?"". (@CAPS2 questions were only used to support my survey) The next time you are asked to chat online please decline before you to become obsessed with the computer. The amount of exercise a person gets depends on who it is. There are some who live on their computers like the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 (a comcast commercial) and some who don't know what a computer is (not commenting). I am here to teach about the benifits of exercising and not the un natural ways of a computer. Did you know people can loose weight by exercising? If you just pick up that old curling weight one curl is ten times as better then a click of a computer mouse dont believe me try it. Interacting with people is a big part of our life its how we get , give orders and its a lot faster type of communication then sending a email. Without interacting with one another we can suffer from depression. Depression can make people sick for example, my father, when @CAPS5 was divorsed the depression effected his body and mind. At the age of @NUM1 @CAPS5 got a rip in his small intestine that grew infecte and could have ended his life. I believe this was from lacks of communication and this happens everyday to everyone just open your eyes and relise what a computer can do to a man or woman. (@CAPS5 was remaried to bonnie and now carrys a scars on his belly). This is a movement that should change the opinion of many, do people spend to much time on computers? Just get outside and talk to your neibor see what they think. I relly hope you consider my argument."