"Dear newspaper editor, @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 have and use computers everyday. Computers are killing us as a nation. We need to put a stop to this abuse of computers. Millions of parents and kids spend at least @NUM1 minutes a day on the computer. They are either working or playing. There are many @CAPS2 games and other types of games out on the internet. Kids use these as entertainment. But having an @NUM2 year old child playing a game with guns is certainly unnacceptable. Kids often get so caught up in playing these addictive games that they don't even think of playing sports or going outside. Therefore, the child loses much needed exercise and fresh air. This can lead to obesity or other weight issues. @PERCENT2 of @CAPS1 are already obese, so why keep these horrid games out there? The last thing @LOCATION1 needs is more kids becoming fat!! There are two ways to use a computer for good and for bad ways to use them for good can be for planning a vacation, or working at a job, or even to look at a child's grades online. But many kids and parents don't use computers for these reasons. Kids have been caught looking at porn, buying illegal drugs, hacking into systems and other criminal type things. The computer is a way to do things that you shouldn't, while keeping your identity hidden. For example, whever I sign-up for a website subscription so I can play a game, it asks me for personal information. It askes for my name, my address, my phone number and other things. So what my mother has taught me to do is to use false info. So a computer hacker or a fraud site can't steal my personal info. And who are we to know that people don't do this with illegal programs? Computers are dangerous to @LOCATION1's well-being. On top of obesity, there have been reported cases of a child or parent having a seizure, having the picture of a game implanted in their eyes because they don't take their eyes of the game. There has even been a case of where a chid went mad and killed his/her parents in rage. Computers turn kids and parents into wild beasts. Parents commonly try to get their children to stop playing certain games. In some cases, the parent destroys an account on a website or takes a computer away for a certain ammount of time. These actions from parents have caused kids to go mentally insane! Cases have been reported of smashing computers, doing bad in school, killing parents as I said earlier and in some cases suicide. So in conclusion, computers are a source of health issues, action issues and mental issues. If we want @LOCATION1 to be restored to the @LOCATION1 we all love, then we the people, must put a stop to this computer addiction!"