"Dear @CAPS1, In a recent poll it was determined that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 have used or come in contact with computers. @PERCENT2 of those said @CAPS2 use computers daily, and not just for work. This extensive use of technology creates a lack in their exercising habits, @CAPS4, they enjoy nature much less. Furthermore, people spend less time interacting with family and friends. These are demaging effects on our society. ""The biggest reason why people dont exercise, "" says health proffessor @PERSON1, ""is because they just don't have time."" This problem can be directly attributed to the statistic that on average, @CAPS2 spend @NUM1 and a half hours a day on the computer. You can argue that they @MONTH1 be learning new things or broadening their horizons. However, none or which help these people get or stay healthy and in shape. Being on the computer does no good for the body. Click the next link and watch as a beautiful humming bird swarms across the screen of your desktop. You can clearly see its wonder, but can you feel it? Can you smell the fresh air it flies around? The computer can only show you nature, but you must log off and find it for yourself to truly appreciate it firsthand. Society will only cheat itself of the world's splendor while watching it on screen. Fans of computers will argue that they help you interact with people around the world, but what about the people in the next room? Computers @MONTH1 bring you to people globally, but distance you from people at your job, school or home. As humans, they need contact with the outside world. Why limit themselves to typing to people, when they can talk to them? In conclusion, extensive computer use does not benefit society. People will spend less time staying active. More over, people will enjoy nature on a desktop instead of in person. Finally, society will not spend as much time communicating with family and friends in person. The time has come to take a stance. It should be clear that computers are a danger to society."