"To begin with, The learning ability people get from it has improved. The @CAPS1 source is very helpful to many people. The communication is much easier than talking on the phone. I believe that computers benefit the society in many different ways. First of all, children and people at home and at school use computers for learning purposes. In some grades at school there is a special typing program that helps improve typing skills. There are also hard drive discs that you can play with to help you enhance on your reading skills. It is just a way to make learning fun for young kids. Another great way to learn online is going to websites that have sample math problem and print the sheet out to practice. They are great ways to help learning. Secondly, the computer has many more ways to benifit someone. They are helpful for getting your local weather. In the winter you can see if your school has cancelled in seconds. Often I get projects where it calls for me to do research on a specific topic and it is very easy to look up simple information. The computer also has different links that are helpful for writing a paper, making a power point presentation, and excel spread sheet. All of those resources can either help graphing results for science class or even typing up a paper for @CAPS2. They are useful ways to make life easier. Lastly, computers tend to make communication a little easier. For me, when I'm out sick from school I like to tell my teachers by emailing them and even asking if I can make up any work using facebook, aim, myspace, and skype are all fun and fast ways to communicate with friends. All of the websites pretty much do the same thing but different people like diffrent sites that their friends are on you can email friends and family who live far away and even close. It's a way to get back and forth to eachother. In conclusion, you have heard the different ideas and I consider computers as a benifit. It helps learn, communicate, and most of all do the important things that we need."