"I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. The three reasons I think this, is because computers enhance our hand-eye coordination, they give us the ability to research and find out information about a certain topic. They also allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often. Computers, in fact, increase our hand-eye coordination. The usage of both the screen and the keyboard allow us to look only at tha sceen while typing on the keyboard. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill to have when excersising by playing sports or working out, which is also important and very good for our bodies. If you want in to apply for a job in, for example, an office, and you started stumbling and acting clumsy, then you @MONTH1 be looked at differently if you were organized and knew what your doing. This is why hand-eye coordination is important to people. Computers also have the amazing ability to search the world wide web. This gives us the ability to make millions of searches for any given topic. For example, In fifth grade I did a research project on @LOCATION2. Without all the useful information I found on the computer. I would have never been able to learn evrything I did. As most of the world already knows, there was a devestating earthquake in the small country of @LOCATION4. Computers was one of the ways that helped spread the word and get everyone to start helping and sending supplies and food to the victims. Also, if a family is thinking about going somewhere for a vacation, they can take care of most of the help on the computer. They could buy flight tickets, book a room at the hotel, and even get a rental car for when they land. This is what my family did on our vacation to @LOCATION1 and everything turned out perfectly all thanks to the computer and being able to do everything online. This is how the computer can help you research any topic. Lastly, you can use the computer to communicate with people that live far away and you rareley ever see. For example, my grandparents live in @LOCATION3, so I use video chat to talk to them since I only get the chance to see them one every two or three years. Also when my dad goes on buisness trips to other states or even something out of the country, we use instant messaging or video chat to keep in touch. Lastly, if you have friends or family who are fighting for america in @LOCATION5 right now, you can also use a video chat to communicate with them. So these are all my reasons why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. They help with hand-eye coordination, they give us the ability to research and find information on any topic through the internet, and lastly, the allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often. These are my reasons and I hope you agree with me that computers have a positive effect on people today."