"Dear Newspaper, I believe that computers have both possitive and @CAPS12 effects on people. However, I believe that there are more positive effects than @CAPS12. Some of these positive effects would be that they are essential for education, a very usful place to communicate, and they can be fun. My first reason for supporting computers would be that they are very eduactional. For example, you can research almost anything. If you are doing your homework and you forgot an answer. An other reason why @CAPS1 is educational is because you can type your paper on @CAPS1 so your teacher can actually read your handwriting. If @CAPS1 is messy. On the subject, you can work from home if you are sick or on vacation. But how do you get @CAPS1 to your boss? Email of course! wich brings me to my next subject; @CAPS2. Another resoursful thing about computers is @CAPS2. There are so many different ways to communicate; @CAPS1's unbeleivable. Take I @CAPS4 for an example. You can @CAPS5 to peoples cellphones. You can @CAPS5 to other people that are @CAPS7 or you can just @CAPS5 on some websites such as @CAPS9, @CAPS10, and tons more. You can also vidio chat with people on things like and @ORGANIZATION1. Those are just a few ways of communicating on the computer. Finally, I would like to tell you about the fun things you can do on computers. First, you can buy games from a store and download them onto your computer. Personally, The sim are my favorite. I understand that computer games can be a negitive thing because they are addictiing, but if you don't go on for hours and hours, then I don't see what the problem is. Also, they have educational games so learning can be both fun and educational. Another thing you could do is play free games or download the game from the internet do your computer so they are both fast and easy. To @CAPS11, Computers can be both @CAPS12 and positive but I chose to look at things through a positive eye and I think you should too. After all, computers can be educational, a social networks and fun. Son @CAPS13 my positive eye... You wont be sorry."