"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3: @CAPS4 people are skeptic on whether or not computers benefit people. I strongly believe that computers do indeed benefit humanity for it allows people to talk online with loved ones and friends across the globe, and learn about those foreign places. Computers don't take away from lifes, but shows it through fascinating synthetics. Computers allow people of all ages to interact with others over the world-wide web. Sometimes it's better to meet with people in person, but that isn't always the case. What @CAPS5 you have relatives or friends in a different country? The internet is the best way to contact those people. Also, what @CAPS5 you are in a band or a group, and need to contact them while you are out of town? Social sites like facebook or myspace allow the group members to talk and discuss matters at the hotel or wherever he @MONTH1 be. In addition to both of these reasons, students can obtain missing work and email the teacher from his household. This allows the pupil to obtain his lesson and catch up on anything he or she has missed. The technological breakthrough of the @DATE1 known as computers allow interaction with other people as well as learn of distant lands. @CAPS4 people including myself, want some culture in their lives, and wander about this lively planet we call earth and find out whats out there, but can not acheive said goal. The computer saves us time and money to do these things. All we have to do is open a search bar, type in a word, and boom, we are looking at @LOCATION2, @LOCATION3, or even the fields of @LOCATION1. Any place you want is at your. In addition to this, @CAPS5 a new tourist attraction comes to be, whether it is an amusant park, a monument, or a historical find, the internet can show us this. We can see things we would be seeing @CAPS5 we were present at the place, but instead on a monitor in your home. The computer allows you to do @CAPS4 things without actually encountering their happenings. In conclusion, computers are helpful for they allow us to preform things we could not do under certain circumstances, like talking to people over the internet, or learning of foreign countries. Not everyone can do these things, but everyone who has a computer can."