"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever trully marveles at the computers in our generation today? Have you seen all the interesting and amazing things that computers allow us to explore? Computers have been thought to advance our society because of its abiliyt to show websites containing rast and diverse research. However, let me ask you this - have you ever wondered if computers actually ruin the life someonehas? Well, people who use computers are drown into them, and they ignore the necessary physical activities one can get from being outside. Also, people who spend their time infront of a computer screen don't inteact as much with friends and family as they nirmally would. Also, one major threat that teens and children face while on the internet are people who try to talk to them online and could become a dnager to the children. In order to help the wee-being of people, we need to realize the negative effects of computers! If oyu were to talk in the park or even visit a field, you would most likely someone enjoying the outdoorss. When I say that @CAPS1 mean like playing soccer or fotbol, or playing frisbee, @CAPS2 who do this rather than sit inside staring ata computer, help their body stay healthy. When you are on the computer, no healthy activity is involved. Would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and sluggish? Well. when the summertime comes, my friends and I usually go to the feild to play a game of soccer. Also, we sometimes go to the beach and enjoy the cool, freshing water in the pool. Not to mentio, we even find activities to do in the cold, freezing winter such as sledding nad snowboarding. @CAPS2 need tog et out and chair, pry their eyes from the computer screen and go out and smell the fresh air. The feeling of being outside will raise your spirits and sgift you from a person in a trance to a person that feels alive! Also . ahve you ever gone gone home and just retreat to your room for some quite? Then you decide to go on the computer to get away from your troubles. ""@CAPS3 is ready, a family member informs you; however, you don't respond because you enjoy the computer so much. Computers interfer with your connection to family members and friends. In addition, many people sit in a tence like state while at the computer, blocking out any outside communication. Computers do not help families come toigether they separate them. This vcreates and unhealthy family, which is bad because people need to have a strong connection with family. Studies show that the average time a person spends on the computer is five hours! This pretty much takes up a lot of time, so families can't spend time with one another. One important problem that children and teens face are @CAPS2 oover the intenet are people known as ""child predators."" @CAPS4 people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them. Research shows that @PERCENT1 of children encounter @CAPS4 ""child predators; would you want to see your child be hurt by @CAPS4 horrible people? Computers are the reason, a with the internet for @CAPS4 accurances. Children and teens need to be protected from this major threat! In conclusion, computers have negative effects on people and thier lives. First, they don't allow people to be active and go outside. "