"Dear Local Newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1 has been a discussion around the @LOCATION1 for decades now. People cannot agree on whether computers are a good privelage to the society or just bumping it down year after year. I think computers do have a positive effect on people. This is because they teach hand-eye coordination, give them knowlege about cultures around the world, and allow people to communicate with one another. Do you think the downsides really outweigh these positives? Hand-eye coordination is not something you are born with. You gain it as you get older and acheive practive. Computers help with this goal. ""@PERCENT1 of people who go on the @ORGANIZATION1 frequently, have been horrible at catching a baseball before going on the @ORGANIZATION1, and after have caught every time."" says biologist @PERSON1. And it not only helps with baseball, but with other sports such as juggling, golf or tennis. If you get very good at these sports, you can play them for fun, or even as a proffessional. Who knew that playing on the @ORGANIZATION1 could get you so far in life?! Did you know, according to ""Time"" magazine, that people who go on the @ORGANIZATION1 are better able to focus on tasks, such as schoolwork, because it enables your hands and eyes to work together as one? And everyone knows that if you get good grades in school, almost any job you could be qualified in? Then, you can earn a good amount of money, and live your dream life!! Oh, great another @NUM1 hour day of school. Hhmm. What do I have first block? @LOCATION3 history. What? Yes! We're doing a culture project! That means I can easily go on the @ORGANIZATION1 and find out great things about what place I'm assigned. That's another up-put about computers. Easy access to tons of useful information. I have cheerleading everyday after school until @NUM2. If I have a project, I don't have hours and hours to look in books and find out what I need to know. Computers allow me to do my sport and still get a good grade in school. @PERCENT2 of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places. It is faster and more accurate. You could just search through your bookshelf to find an almanac. But once you find it, you would need to check the copyright. Hopefully it's recent. If not, you're in trouble. Would you feel like prying through more shelves to be acccurate? Facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2. All new ways to communicate with people. Just another useful effect on people. Forgot to write down your homework? Hopefully your friend didn't and you can just ask them. ""@PERCENT3 of people don't chat with others online."" says @LOCATION2 @ORGANIZATION1 expert. Most of it has to be for some reason or another. Such as homework, what happened that day, or how they haven't seen eachother in forever. Don't you chat with people online? Trust me, it can be a gradesaver. Maybe this will help you conclude that computers give a positive effect on society because of handeye coordination, information, and chatting. What would we do without them?"