"Dear local newspaper, A question that recently came to my attention is people are spending to much time on the computer, and if this is a good thing, I believe that computers are a good electronic item to have. I think this because, it helps people learn. Also, people can keep in touch with their friends even if they I've in a different country. In addition, it can help people or students be @CAPS1 please consider this in our newspaper. Would you like students/people to have internet and searches that can help them learn? The answer is ""yes"". Having to computers can help students to learn. They can go onto @LOCATION2 and type in any question they want to be answered. Picture this a child has a question that she wants answered, but she is embarrased to ask her parents. She can simply type the question in on her computer and get hundreds of answers. There is nobody in the world that knows everything, but there are computers that do. Computers can give you the answer to any question. When my mom was little she didn't have access to a computer all the time. @CAPS1 when she had a question she would have to ask somebody she know. If they didn't know the answer than she couldn't know the answer. If more people had computers then they would the to questions. Computers are a good way to keep in touch with people. These are @CAPS4 programs such as @CAPS2, @CAPS3, aim, ect.. My dad owns a buisness and needs to be in touch with people for seven @CAPS1 he around his iphone to talk to them by email. It helps my dad know when pappers and whos asking on what. I asked ten adults if they think everyone should have to a computer and ten out of ten said ""yes."" @CAPS4 people think that friends and family important and should stay with them every and a while. I have a friend who lives in @LOCATION1, but I cant contact her with my phone because are doesnt me and her talk on @CAPS2 all the time. @CAPS1 if people dont own phones then you can still stay in contact with computers. if they far away. Do you have perfect handwriting? The answer is probably no. People use @ORGANIZATION1 all the time because there handwriting isn't Computers help people stay clean and tidy. Computers have of folders and programs to store information you need. This all stays next all on the computer. My friend just get a computer for her office. Before she got it one hand everything and kep them all her desk in a mess. She had filled with pappers. But after she got a computer she typed everything neatly and kept all her pappers in the folders of her computer. She was @CAPS1 neat and clean that she got promoted. My friends moms changed because she got a computer. She became and cleaner. Picture this you are overwhelmed by all the papers on your desk. You dont know what papper is what. Well if you had a computer you could type eerything and keep them in your computer files. also @PERCENT1 of adults staying is good. I know you the local newspaper, have a very hard job and decision to make. I beileve that computers are good and helpful. Because they can help people find information they need. Also, they can keep people in touch with buisness workers, friend, students, family, ect. In addition, computers can help people get neat and clean. @CAPS1 please consider puting my essay in the Newspaper."