"Today, wherever you go, there is technology being used. The most common, computers are widely used by a majority of people, but are computers really beneficial to society? Computers are beneficial to society because it is a way to connect with the world, a way to increase responsibility, and helpful for education. Computers are beneficial because they help people connect with the world. You can use a computer to find anything that is on the web, so you can find information about places that interest you or places that you would like to visit. According to the @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people check the internet for places to @ORGANIZATION1 to before they actually go. @CAPS1, it is a way to connect with faraway friends. One of my friends moved to @LOCATION1 when we were in @NUM3 grade, but we still e-mail each other, and are still friends. The computer is @CAPS1 one of the fastest ways you can learn about current events. All you have to do is go to a news website. All of these connections will widen people's views of the world. Computers are a way to increase responsibility, too. When the people use the computer, there are many choices that they have to make, like what websites to go to and what to download or watch. Having these individual chances will help people think of what the right choice is. Even if you choose the wrong choice, you will learn from your mistake. Second, the computer is a very fragile machine and it takes a lot of to handle. For example, you can't have any liquid nearby and must not throw objects near or on the computer. Thinking of this and making sure not to damage the computer are ways to increase responsibility. Lastly, computers are beneficial because they help education. Teachers can use the computer to make lessons more interesting. For example, they can create points and presentation to providea @CAPS1, students can on what they learned at school. @CAPS1, you can make for the students, which provide them with their homework and information about the classes one of my friends once said ""@CAPS2 the I would definitely be failing"". Nobody wants to talk and a great way to present this. Lastly, if you want information on a particular school, you can just search it online and find its website. School websites have information about classes, events, and clubs. They provide the information that you need to think about going to that school in an easy, convenient way, while finding the website for the school take no more than @NUM2 minutes, actually going to that school for information can take more than just @NUM2 minutes, and even hours. According to @ORGANIZATION2, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students choose what college to go to first by checking its website. The computer is an easy, convenient way to get information. Now, no one should be doubting the benefits of a computer. They are a connection to the world, like places, and people. They increase responsibility by giving you many choices. They help education by providing information about and for schools. This is why computers are beneficial to the society."