"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, With computers being so popular right now it's easy to think that they are helpful and have a positive effect on the people that use them. However, I do do belive that computers have more harmful effects than good ones on the people they are used by. I belive this for @NUM1 reasons. One, they take away from spending time with real people, they make people get less excersis, and also they are very distracting and waste time. One reason why I don't think computers have a positive effect on people is that the time spent on the computer could be put to better use by doing things with family and friends. Now and day people are using social networking sites like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 to talk with people far away. People can spend hours communication with someone they will never meet and completly ignore the people who care for and love them. Also communication with people online can be dangerous because the person who you are messaging might not be who they say they are. Overall, setting out and actually spending time with real people creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life. This feeling can never occur through the internet. Another reason why I think that computers have a bad effect on their users is that constant computer use has resulted in a lack of excersise for many people. People who use computers for many hours are just sitting still. They aren't being active. The only movement that occurs while on a computer is the tiny flick of a finger as it clicks the mouse button. This is clearly not enough excersise that is required to maintain a healthy and happy lifestyle. Studies have shown that since the invention of computers young people especially have been gretting less and less physical activity. I'm sure that this will continue to get worse if people continue spending a majority of time on their computers. A third reason why I think computers are having a negative effect on people is because they are distracting and they waste time. An example of this is that once when I was online doing research for a school project, I saw an advertisment for a website that looked interesting. When I clicked on it I was brought to a site full of funny stories and pictures. I spent the next half an hour reading entries on that website and completely forgot about my project. When I relized what I had done I rushed to finish my research and ended up getting a poorer grade then. I'm sure I would have gotten if I had not been distracted other things to do on the computer. This is why I think computers do not have a good effect on the people who use them. They take away from spending time with family and friends, they result in less excercise. And they waste time and are distractions. "