"In modern society, @CAPS3 is rare that you come across someone who doesn't know how to basicly operate a computer. According to the statistics project known on youtube as ""shift happens"", most children in the @LOCATION1, @PERCENT1 in facts, have used a computer by age four. While @CAPS3 can be debated that computers are bad, i firmly disagree. Computers are one of the best technological advances the human race has made. they have helped education, reconnecting, and are even at times good for the environment. I wonder why people disagree, and i hope that after reading this, you will too. At my schoo, there are three computer labs, each with about twenty five computers, a library with twenty computers, and each teacher has two computers in their classroom. Wheni look at these amounts and addit to what i know about computers in other @CAPS1 schools, @CAPS3 is clear to me that computers have helped the education system. Many teachers can have students research projects with the click of a button. There are websites where students who were out from school can get their assignments for the next day. Also, teachers can put their grade books in their had drive. This saves paper and ensures accuracy in the final grade. As a student, i think that computers have greatly improved schools in many ways, but mostly in those above. At one point or another in life, we are all older and want to reconnect with our old friends. Thanks to computers, the process of reconnecting is much easier. There are social networks such as facebook, twitter, and @CAPS2, that are valuable for finding your friend from @DATE1 camp. Let's say you have been connected with someone, and you've just found out that you got a promotion. You want to call, but you don't know the hone number, but you know the email address. Email messages send instantly to anywhere. (And while you're at @CAPS3, ask for a phone number!) @CAPS3's always great to talk with old friends. Computers have helped @LOCATION1 make that easier. My friend recently purchased a sony laptop. She liked not only the features, but that @CAPS3 was an energystar, or eco-friendly. Now a days, computers have been made green in the battle for the environment. Paper is saved with online encylopedias, newspapers, journals, etc. Not only that but computers are needing less and less electricity. You save green and are green! Today's society is helping mother nature not only in our actions, but in computers too. In my opinion, computers are helping @LOCATION1, not hurting @LOCATION1. They have assisted education, social reconnecting and the environment. We must look kindly upon the advancement and miracle invention known as the computer."