"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I think we should have computers for great purposes. One reason is because there is a lot more information on the internet. Another reason is because there is some history on many different websites. My last reason is because you can send messages to a faraway place by using e-mail. My frist reason states that there is a lot more information on the internet. For example, if youn don't have the newspaper with you, but you have you laptop, you can get information that way. Did you know, over @NUM1, @NUM2 people use their laptops for information and not games. Another example is if we get the newspaper everyday but it doesn't have the article that we are looking for, we use the internet. When we look for information on the internet, you would use yahoo, google, and other informational websites that you need. My second reason states that there is some history on many different websites. For instance, you can go on a websites and learn about history everyday, insted of going to a museum about history everyday! One day, I had to make a project about the @CAPS4 and I had four days to do it, you know what I did, I went on a historical website about the @CAPS4. I got an A+ for my project. When people need history, it's always all around them on the internet. My very last reason states that insted of texting people from faraway places, why not just use an e-mail address. For example, you don't have to pay for an e-mail address. It's actually free and did you know, more than @NUM3 million people around the world use an e-mail address insted of texting other people. When you don't have an e-mail address, it's very quick to make one. You don't have to waste money to text someone halfway around the globe. In conclusion, I think that we should have computers. One reason is that we have a lot more information on the internet. Another reason is because there is some history on some websites. And my last reason is because you can send messages to a far away place by using e-mail. Thank you for reading this article."