"New @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers is a benefit to society. Most people not think so but there are many reasons why they are. People will always have something to do when they are bored, there is plenty to learn, and it keeps you organized. After reading this paper, you will agree with me that computers are a benefit. Do you ever get bored and have nothing to do ? Well if you have a computer around, there are endless things to keep you busy. People can talk to their friends and keep in teach with them. No matter how far away they go. There are many websites that have games you can play. Any type of game they are all on the computer. You @MONTH1 be thinking, "" I might get addicted to a game and never want to take my eys off the screen. Well, in that case, you can always set a timer on it to give you a certain amount of time, but don't worry, it warns you before it shuts down on you. The computer isnt' all fun and games though. It is filled with knowledge, it's like the brain of @NUM1 scientists and mathematicans put together. If you have a school assignment in write a paper on someone famous, you can research them on the computer for a quick way to get information. There will be plety of websites about that person. Also, everyday there are news updates about what is going on in the world. You never have to worry about not knowing whats going on. Do you like to stay organizes I personally, think it's easier to get through life and everyday, knowing where things are and staying organized. The computer is a great, easy way to keep organized. There are many programs that you can use to write documents, make graphs and whatever you need to do. About <@PERCENT1@NUM2> of working people need the computer to do their job and keep track of everything. @PERCENT1 of the working humans is a larger amount. So, thing about it, if computers weren't made, that <@PERCENT1@NUM2> of people would not have, jobs, or they would have to keep everything down on paper which @MONTH1 be a catastrophe. After a while, you @MONTH1 want to back everything up by copying all of your photos, files, music ect. to a @CAPS4 so you dont loose everything if your computer shuts down. After reading this, don't you agree with me, that computers are a benefit to society? There are many more reasons but this paper had alot. I hope you have realized that without computers, the world wouldn't be as it is today. Thank you for your time. "