"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that more and more people are using computers for excessive amounts of time a recent study confirmed this reporting that ""@PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2's population uses a computer for more than @NUM1 hours a day"". That means people have less time to exercise, enjoy nature and socialize. I consider that the benefits of computers are greatly outwayed by the problems that arise from them to up, computers limit a person's health-both physical and social - and do more harm than good to siciety. Spending too much time on computers can deteriavate a person's health by preventing them from spending that time exercising take for example @LOCATION3, who goes on computer at least five times a week, for about four hours. @LOCATION3 has stopped playing soccer and because she prefers to spend time on facebook. Instead of recieving six hours of exercise a week. she now recieves an hour this has to @LOCATION3 gaining weight and losing health. The problem is there are millions of children like @LOCATION3 who are not getting enough exercise instead opting. to spend too much time on their computers. Another problem is that people spend less time enjoying nature. Now, they choose to surf the web instead. This nads to people caring less about our planet and animals. Nature is very important and can be extremely fun, so this is a shame. Furthermore, those who choose to spend overwhelming amounts of time on computers tend to interact less with family members. No longer do most children help cook, clean, do chones, or spend time with siblings. One mother says ""ever since my daughter got her new laptop, she hasn't gone once to play with her baby brother or friends"" unfortunatly the same is true for most teens today computers have limited nou, much time families spend together. In conclusion, computers do harm to society they keep people cooped up in their rooms, istead of exercising, enjoying nature, or having fun with their families and friends. In doing so, computers have become a mause to society. Therefore, @CAPS1 is crucial that people who spend more than an hour a day on computers use that time to exercise or socialize, even to do nothing at all would be better overall, computers are no longer beneficiery to society."