"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I belive that computers offer a lot more pros than they do cons. Computers offer another way to learn things about the world. Computers @MONTH1 also act as a research, tool. If a child, or anyone @CAPS3 on the computer and a family member thinks it @CAPS3 an unreasonable amount of time, that sounds like it @CAPS3 just an issue between the person and his or her family. Many people @MONTH1 argue and say, ""look in the encyclipedea to learn about the world, ""but a computer @CAPS3 faster, easier more time efficient to use. In fact, most people in the newest generation of families probably don't have an encylipea set. For example, if I were to want to learn more about @LOCATION1, @CAPS4 of searching in a dictionary or encyclipea, I could go on the computer, type in @LOCATION1 and a whole slew of liks and opportunities are found. Some people @MONTH1 like the old ways, but personally. I like the freedom and easiness of a computer. Have you ever had to research for a project or report? Many people either in school or in the work field will most likely need to research something to get a better understanding. Yes, a dictionary @CAPS3 helpful. Yes a thesauris @CAPS3 helpful but there are separate things. Compared to a computer those classic research tools are still usefull, but could be a hassle. My point @CAPS3 a computer has a dictionary thesauris, encyclipedea...ect all in @NUM1! So next time you have to research something try reaching for the keyboard @CAPS4 of the bookshelf! To me, the problem of someone being on the computer too much sounds more like a Family problem than a social problem. Technology has changed our world! Ever since computers were invented not only have they downsized, but became more and more useful. The computer has opened more doors for our scociety, without computers, space travel for example would not be the normality it seems to be in this generation. All im trying to say @CAPS3, I don't think computers hurt our society, but are pretty much the building blocks for our world. While reading this paper I hope you noticed the pros of having computers in this world. A computer @CAPS3 a help learning tool, the king of all reaserch tools and a big part of our society today.If you could learn one thing from reading this paper, I would want you to think, ""@CAPS5 would we, as a world be without computers?"""