"Dear @CAPS1, In my own opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people. Online, you can go on any website and talk to people. Most of the time, you @MONTH1 not even know who it is your speaking with. Plus not all information you @MONTH1 find is true. Computers also take time away from doing something productive, like playing outside. In the next few pragraphs, I'll show you my point. First off, online websites have many different ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.) @CAPS2, do you really know if the people you're talking to are who they say they are? Back then, it was rare someone got caught when trying to kidnap a child by pretending to be someone online; @CAPS3 a days more and more people are getting caught. You @MONTH1 think this won't happen to your child, but my friend was being stalked online by someone what they haven't caught. We never thought something like that would happen, @CAPS2 it did. Also, once it's online it never goes away. So watch what you put online, there is always some way to find what you had posted even once deleted. Plus not every bit of information found online is ture. I professionals say that @PERCENT1 of kids have researched a project online then used a print source and found that information to be false. On websites like wikipedia any one has the ability to change what is written on the page. Most websites @PERCENT2 give the ability for anyone to do so. Also post and pictures on the internet @MONTH1 not always be appropriate. There's certain criteria we keep children from seeing for a reson. Lastly, computers keep you from doing anything productive. It @MONTH1 teach hand-eye coordination however it does not keep you fit and healthy. Already, @PERCENT3 of @CAPS4 alone are over weight and that's alot of people. Dr. @DR1 says that online games keep kids from getting much needed exsersize and fresh air, that every growing child needs. In conclusion the internet keeps children from going outside to play. Also, not everything found is what is true or right. Lastly, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves. This is why I think that comperters aren't positive in society."