"Dear local newspaper, I'm sure you love kicking back and surfing the web. Afterall, the internet is an amazing invention. However, the truth of the matter is that some people spend way to much time on the computer. We miss out on all the other important things in life, just because of to much time on our laptops. Excessive use of the internet can lead to not enough exercise. It can cause us to be anti-social, And lastly, not allow us to enjoy the beautiful nature that surrounds us. Do you know that a very high cause of obesity is? Electronics, kids sit on the computer all day long, while they should be out exercising and keeping fit. Sure, it is still okay to surf the web. You just have to keep the time minimum we could ensure this rule by having a time limit set at home. I myself love to use the computer, but i make sure to get off after about an hour. The whole idea of the ""internet"" is such a broad topic. That leaves us with so much to explore, we just have to keep on eye on the clock. There are so many forms of chat on the internet; @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1, etc. Many people are always on one of those, instead of talking in person. We can eventually become anti-social due to so much time spent on the computer. Although yes, you can be talking over the internet, it is necessary to be talking to people face to face, it is as if we become grued to the computer. Websites such as @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 are also causes of this. People get addicted and are on them constantly, @CAPS4 ""@CAPS5"" websites actually take away time that could be spent with friends. So instead of having a chat over the computer screen, plan a meeting in person. Don't allow the computer to let you loose the social skills that you have built up. I love going outside each season to see the beautiful nature that surrounds us if you spend to much time on the computer, you wont have time to enjoy it. There are so many thing that you would be missing out on. Take time out of you day that you would normally spend on the computer to take a walk outside. Things outher are so much prettier than you computer screen, trust me. once you cut down you computer time littyle-by-little, you will realize all the other things that are more worth you time. So the next time you think about going to surf the web or play that new computer game, i hope you think about my opinions i presented to you. Too much time on the computer causes us to not get enough exercise, and we can become anti-social. we won't be able to enjoy the nature around us. Computer time is fine in moderation, you just have to be aware of how much time you spend on it. Hopefully, my supported reasons have given you another view on surfing the web."