"Readers, imagine a world without computer. Communication would be, schoolwork would be far more difficult and we'@CAPS1 lose a source that generates tons of fun. Do you really want a world like that? The pros of computer definetly outweigh the. For example, computers make world communication way better thanks do like email, instant messaging, and cideo conferencing, computers also make learning for school easier and allow you to work. Lastly, computer make the world a much more and fun place thanks to youtube, news and online movies/tv shows. The effect of computers is definetly positive on society. With one click a message can be rent to anywhere in the world. How great is that? Because of computers people not only email to each othe but we can even have live chat. through text or videos online communication is a great help i my life, and the lives of my peers. For example, whenever I forget homework or have about schoolworks I can reach my peers and get help in a matter of. Not only can I seek help from others on my computer but I can stay in touch with my friends and family. So those who think computers cause us to spend less time wioth family and friends are mistaken. Computer link the world together and greatly advance communication positively. Aside from communication, computer also greatly improve and learning in many ways. FOr example, they make it so that projects and assignments can be done fastter and easier thanks to like microsoft word. Its proven that @NUM1 students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well. Online encyclopedia like and help students all over the wolrd with schoolwork or just learning for fun that at home. any that computers improve education is through online tutors and help sites. Were made it so your basically always within minutes of a teacher. I can't imagine completing any assignment without computer on my. Computers are not only practical for school and communication but they're also a great way to spend time having fun. One source of fun on the computer, is online movies and tv shows. Thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show. online gaming also brings joy to poeple all over the world. you can spend hours playing live with others in detailed @NUM2-@CAPS1 world! Computers also enable you to kids back and laugh at historical videos on youtube. Lastly computer make browsing all the latest news a. YOu will always know whats goign on in the world, thanks to your computers. So whether you enjoy chilling and watching video, playing games or reading up on the news you will always find a way to have fun online! Whats not to like? With such a positive affect on the world, computer are definetly amazing technology you can communicate with friends or family online in an instant work on your school assignmnet, learn something new or simply have a great time! We how you, computers make life better and much easier. "