"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 Readers, Some of you might think people exercise computers. They don't act outside enough or interact with family or pets. You also @MONTH1 think that they are not getting enough exercise.Well you are right but I am going to explain way your wrong. You can do things like learn, socialize, and actually become healthy. The first thing you could do is learn. While you are on the internet you can go to learning websites. Some of thoes websites can teach you about faraway places like @LOCATION1, @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION2 and many more. You can also learn about people and their cultures. Take @CAPS3 @CAPS4 for example, you could learn their culture and the @CAPS5 they celebrate and why. Another thing you could do is take online classes if you are having trouble in school. Another thing you could do so the computer is socialize. You might think or say that when you are on the computer you cant socialize with family and friends. Well you can. There are websites like @CAPS6 and facebook where all you do is talk to family and friends. Now you can webcam people. When you webcam you can see the person whom you are talking to you can hear them and they could hear you through a microphone on the webcam. Lastly you could go into chatrooms like @CAPS7 ( aol instant message ) and talk to people while you are on that sight. The last thing you can do is become more healthy. Is it not surprising? yes, you can go onto websites that teach you day by day how to eat right and exercise. Websites like @PERSON1 esang.com car give you a might eating schedual right for your . After that website you could go out and get the you will need. Another thing that the computer offers is hand-eye coordination. While you are looking at the screen your had is controling the "" mouse"" while the, mouse controls where you go on the worldwide web. Lastly you will eventually want to go outside after visiting websites that show you moments and gardens of this world. So now hopefully you agree with me that computers do acctually benift some things in life. I have showed you what you can learn about, talk to people and socialize and lastly help you with your health. "