"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have reason to believe that computers and other similar modern technologie is breaking up the world we once were. Things such as computers are a main cause of @CAPS3 lacking exercise, interaction with family and friends, and is also a possible danger to ones mental health. The leading cause of obecity and an outrageous amount of overweight people in @LOCATION1, is the fact that people spend way to much time on computers, and not excersizing. I have recently found out that in the @DATE1's the average familly had one computer (sometimes none). Nowadays, the average familly has up to @NUM1, @NUM2, or even more! Furthermore, the percentage of obese peoples has sky rocketed since then, because people are almost always on the computer, rather than exercising like they should be. A major reason that modern technologie has hur t our nation, is that there is an immence lack of communication and interaction between families. Families are fighting/arguing more often, and spouses getting in divorces because they never get to spend time together. Studies have shown that nowadays @NUM3 of @NUM1 marages ends in a divorce, where as in @DATE2, it was @NUM3 of @NUM6. Advances in technologie have astoundingly increased since then, and people are on the computer/phones/other @CAPS4 which is separating families everywhere. When impubesent children are trying to grow and expand their minds, all they are doing is sitting on the computer, and not getting the brain nutrition they need. The students in schools today are the future leaders of the world. Now the parents should be thinking, if they want their children to do well, or exeed their expectation in life, then they should not be sitting on the computer all day filling their-heads with nonesence. Now, computers do have the abillity to be educationally usefull, but do children use them that way? The answer in no, and, ""@PERCENT1 of the time, neither do adults"", state @PERSON1 from the @ORGANIZATION1. I hope you can agree on the fact that computers are causing more bad than good in familes all around the world. People are not getting the amount of exercise they need, aren't interacting with family enough, and these computers can become harmfull to the mental health of future generations. If famillies can minimize the amounts of computer-drawn activities, then I think parents all over the world can modify themselves about their childrens health."