"Dear @CAPS1, I belive that computers benefits the people of today. The invention of the computer had helped people to send messages and information to each other, helped students with school and allows children to have something to do when they can't go outside. Let me explain. The computer had created easier way for people to send messages and information to one and other. Before the invention of the computer, the only way to pass on information was by mail or phone. The computer sped up this process. In fact, people had recived information about @PERCENT1 faster with the invention of the computer. I was once able to send my friend an email about getting the homework faster than writing him a letter. Clearly, computers made it easier for people to comunicate with each other. Also, computers help students with school. Before the computer, a student had to use a type writer to type their papers. Using a typewriter, when they made mistakes which was on, they had to start all over. It;s a completely different story now. In fact, a study done by the board of ed. shows students write papers so faster and better with a computer rather than a typewriter. I remeber my grandfather told me about how he typed papers. It took him about an hour he typed papers. It took him about an hour and a half to write a paper on a typewriter, while the longest it took him was a half an hour on a computer. As you can see computers have helped students all across the . Lastly, computers supply kids with things to do while they can't go out side to enjoy nature. Many people would that kids would go on their computer when they were able to go outside. A study done by the @CAPS2-obesity shows that @PERCENT2 of kids would rather be outside playing and excersising than in their house on their computer. But sometimes, during certain weather conditions, kids aren't able to go outside, so they myt entertain themselves indeers. A study done by @ORGANIZATION1 shows that mere the @PERCENT3 of kids go on their computer when they can't be outside. If suddenly those kids lost their computer privleges, many of them will have little to entertain themselves with. Clearly, the computer occupies the time of kids who can't go outside. In conclusion, the computer has enormouse benifits on society. It allows people to send messages and information faster, helps students whith school, and gives kids something to do when they can't be outside. I hope that this letter had convinced you of the benefits of computers."