"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A recent survey said that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 doctors think the advances we have made with technology and computers is helping us rather than hurting us. I agree that computers are having a positive impact on us. Advances in technology are helping us become more efficiant. Computers also give us the ability to research places and things we @MONTH1 never get the opportunity to see in person. We are also able to talk online with other people who we might have not met otherwise. The most important, though, is our advances in technology. Recently on the news I saw a segment of how at @ORGANIZATION2 they are using robots to make surgery more efficient. This also means that there are smaller incisions being made, so that means a faster recovery. Another part of society that has been advancing is crime solving. Before there were computers, there was no blood testing, no fingerprinting, and most likely no x-rays. Computers made these things much easier for people to accomplish. Computers are also useful for lending us the ability to research far away places or other topics that they @MONTH1 just have. Some people @MONTH1 never have the opportunity to go to places like @LOCATION4 or @LOCATION3, but with the computers it's almost like they have been there. Or maybe is in @CAPS1, but @CAPS1 isn't a very popular sport in @LOCATION2. And then they go on there computer and see that there is a ragby @LOCATION1. Then their problem is solved. When you go to a new country, you also get the opportunity to meet new people. But with computers and online sights like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 or you can talk to virtually anyone in the world. I could be sitting in a chair at my home in @LOCATION2, and be having a conversation with someone across the country, or maybe even across the ocean! Or possibly you could be talking to some of your really close friends who live just across town. Either way, the computer is a convinient place to go and talk to someone. I believe that computers are doing us more good than their harm. Our advances in technology have helped us emensly with things like games and robotic surgery. They also give us the ability to search topics we want to know more about or a faraway place we've never been to. Finally, we are able to talk online with people that @MONTH1 just be across town or across the ocean. I hope that my reasoning helps you understand my point of view."