"Dear local newspaper, I am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world. I am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world because computers help everyone in their education. For example when i don't understand some words i go to the computer type www.dictionary.com. Then i words that i don't understand. After that the definition comes up and in a faster time because when i look in the dictonary i take about @NUM1 to @NUM2 minutes to just find a word but on the computer it takes me @NUM3 seconds. Also computers let us chat and send massages when we can't see or take to a person so we send massages and the receive the message them they send back a message. Lastly computers help on english class like on spelling, writing, typing, editing & revising. That's why i think we should keep computers in this world. I know everyone doesn't know everything. Computers could help us in math, by using formilas and a calculator on calculator.com. Also computers help in science, by going to @LOCATION1 and asking questions like, ""what is matter or what are . Finally i am gonna talk about not understanding some words. I always go to dictonary.com so that website could give and help understand the word and get the real definition. I always use these @NUM2 websites when i am stuck in math or science or in english. Those websites could help a lot in our education. That's my way of thinking about the computers helping us in our education. My parents are always staked about me talking to my friends and hanging out with them. So, when i can see or talk to my friends i go myspace or facebook or msn to talk and send messages to my friends. We just keep chating and sending can messages because our parents don't let us hang out. Mostly everyone does the same. I do we could also send much other pictures, music and lot more. That's my opinion of why we should have comuters because we need to chat or send messages. At the end you know we all need to type our essays, lesson and more. The computers help use make power points they check our spelling, the could also change why we wright like cursive and more, they also help in editing & revising. I always keep sending words wrong. So the computer help me on spelling it also makes your project look better. That's why i think"