"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, it has come to my attention that more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society. I strongly believe that computers do benefit society for three reasons. First, computers are a great source to do school work on. Computers let you learn more information. In addition, computers are a great way to keep in touch with friends and family. Clearly you can see why computers have positive effects on people and society. My first reason why I believe computers benefit society is because computers are a great source to use do school work with. An example of this would be if a science teacher gave their class an assainnment to do that had to be typed. Its impossible to type an essay without a computer. Further more, if the project or assignment needs to have information looked up and their is no time in your day to go to a library, the computer is a great source. Now doesn't that make sense? Computers don't just help you with homework, but many people go to college online also. My parents don't have enough money to afford me to go to college, ""says @NUM1-year old @PERSON1,"" so I take free course online and they work great! ""@CAPS1 it obvious that computers have a good effect on people? In addition to schoolwork, computers are a great place to look when you need information. For example, you have just bought a new house and want to know more about that area. The computer is an great place to look at updated pictures, and learn about your new hometown. Sixty-nine percent of people use information from the computer to buy a home. People @MONTH1 also want to learn basic information about bears or bees is my belief that the computer is a great source to do learn infromation obviously, computers have a great effect on people and it benefit society. Lastly, computers are helpful ways to keep in touch with family and friends. ""I have my whole mom's side of the family living in @LOCATION1. When I get to use the computer to keep in touch with them. I feel closer and part to keep in touch with them. i feel closer and part of one big happy family,"" @PERSON2 of @STATE1, @NUM2, says. People who have family living in other states, countries and even other countries, don't get to see eachother every day of the year @CAPS2 is why computers can help, the people keep in touch. Another example would be if your mom or dad went away for a few days, weeks or months and you wanted to talk to them of ten. A good way to do that would be using email or instant messaging. Therefore, i strongly believe that computers are great for people and do benefit the society. to sum it all up, computers benefits society and have possitive effects on people. Computers are great sources to do school work, they give you information your looking for, and are great ways to keep in touch with family and friends. Clearly you can see why I strongly believe that computers have a strong and possitive effect on people and benefit the society. Thank you!"