"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 people think that computers educate people for the future but I think that they actually harm children and adults as well. First of all, kids are so wraped up in computer games that they never go out and exercise. Second, if you ask a child anything about nature they will probably not know what to say, but they would if they spent less time on the computer. Finally, many families today never see each other because kids and their parents are too busy on the computer. These three reasons show why computers don't benefit society. Obesity is a huge problem among the children in @LOCATION1. The reason for this is that they are spending too much time online and not outdoors and exercising. Kids are not getting any fresh air or exercise and this can lead to serious health conditions. Parents sometimes don't do anything about it because they they have the same problem. This just shows that computers and other technology are effecting families around the country by making them overweight and. @CAPS1 children don't know the first thing about nature and. People say that computers educate people about things but nature and the environments is a big of our lives. The best learn about it and help. Computers the time they are, the earth might become even worse so they need to get educated on nature and the environment so they can. I know from my own experience that computers take away time from your friends and family. Instead of playing games on the computer at home, you could be spending time with your family in the park or the pool. My dad always spend his time on the computer and we never had time to spend with him. When he realized this he rearanged his schedual so we could have more time together. It is very important to spend time with your family because they are such a big part of your life and less of computer will help families do that. As you can see, getting off the computer will help kids stay in shape and healthy, educate them on the enviornment, and help families interact with each other more. If getting off the computer changed my families lifestyle then it will do the same to others as well. Hopefully you agree with me because it will surely tak a positive affect. "