"Click click, another information page opens up on your handy @LOCATION4 these trusty, smart, and easy to use divices are always a object to have. Although, people are now starting that these handy desktops are bad for your well-being oposing that people strongly think that we dont get enough exercise or outdoor activitys in. Well computers are such a great entertainment system also, have a vast information supplie, and even allow socialization with friends/ family. I don't understand why they say this. So let me express my love for computers to you. Televisions, radios, and @NUM1 payers are no match for the internet and it's great wide spread entertainment system. The computer has all of the faimly fun movies, itunes tracks, and even websites where you could make your own movies. Posting pictures on the @CAPS1 and sending them via email only by a click of your mouse. The internet is the obvious best reason for a faimly movie night. One of the greatest pro about the internet is the vividsorce of information. Google, wikipedia, or even dictionary.com are the greatest information sites of the @DATE1. As much as nature watching and exercise is healthy and fun I would rather learn about a sunny beach of @CAPS2 or the great landscape of @LOCATION1. If your looking up how to tie a tie or even info about your history report the @CAPS3 is a sure easy thing. How could you talk to your friend who is across the world in @LOCATION2 or germany. The answer is simple, skype, fiacebook, myspace and more are all available on your handy @CAPS3. Many sites have a no fee polocy so they cant charge them money for social living with friends. As a personal experience I could now talk to my cousins wqho live in @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION1 due to the great interaction site of facebook. And why would you take the time to run across town to be unsure that thier even there. Obviously internet is a great socializing activity. Now that I have stated my opinion about the wonderful effect of the internet such as the entertainment system, information about the history of the world, and even the socializing with friends. I'm people will open thier eyes see the great uses of the computer."