"How would you like to got a ""@CAPS1"" on your social studies report? What if you couldn't see your school friends at all after-school? What if you were bored to death, and you couldn't watch t.v. or play games? Some experts are about people because they think they are spending too much time using their computers and not enough time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. On your computer: you can watch videos and play games, you can chat and talk to people, and you can even boost up your grade. I honestly think that the thought of people being on their computers too much is a silly thought @CAPS2, let's look at how a computer can change your life. Lets say you have a history report the tomorrow, you forgot your history book at school, and you know nothing about the report. You are going to fail if you don't hand it in, so why not turn on your computer and open up the internet browser. I remember @TIME1 year I was doing a report about the @CAPS4 @CAPS3. I literally knew nothing about them and I failed to bring home my book. I opened up the internet and typed in @CAPS4 @CAPS3 in @ORGANIZATION1 and @DATE1 I found out that I got a @NUM1 on the report. You can also use the computer just to look up information for for about something that you might learn in school. ""@TIME1 @DATE1, I was reading about the @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and a few days @DATE1 we talked about how that @CAPS7 posibly could have been made. I was the only student in our grade that knew that answer. You can use the computer for playing games that are related to school. For example, how fast can you complete all of these multiplication problems or division problems. Look at what computers can do. If you got bad grades (without computer), you will go to a bad college and have a bad job, however, if you got good grades(with computer), you will go to a good college and get a good job. Next, let's look at how you can chat or talk to people. You can have a mesaging connection with someone by using @CAPS8 or a free to free conversation using @ORGANIZATION2 on your computer. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of people with computers have either @CAPS8 or @ORGANIZATION2 installed in their computers. You can also communicate with people who has an email address. I remember having a problem with my laptop and my crush knows everything about them. So I emailed him and how I get a response and I fixed my laptop. You are able to interact with people by meeting them online and then them on public. Everyone know about those dating websites that matches two people and them together. A computer can really the of your life. Lastly, let's look at what you can do in the computer when you are bored. Why you go youtube and watch videos that look appropriate and interesting? ""@CAPS10, I was done with homework and I didnt know what to do, so i online and spend only watching youtube videos, sometimes people like playing games. Just @TIME1, I was playing tetris, but only for @NUM2 minutes because I needed a goodnight's before the @CAPS11. You can also listen to the radio on a website. Statistics show that @PERCENT2 of people that listened to the radio @CAPS10 were in cars. But @PERCENT3 is also @PERCENT4 more listening to the radio online. Not only can a computer increase your grades and improve your life, can entertain you as well. As you can see, saving the of computers is is a silly idea and is absolutely non-sense. Computers can and make you. I honestly never seen someone on the computer for."