"I have relized that there as been a disagreement about computers the positive and negative effects on people. It seems to me, in my opinion that computers have more of a negative affect on people than positive. I believe tat people are spending too much time on the computer and not exercizing, they don't spend quality time with family & friends and need to get fresh air and enjoy nature. Although computers are a great piece of techology, many don't get outside to enjoy the nature & fresh air because their computers are inside their homes. This is not good because when you go outside, it helps skin health from the sunlight & lets in fresh air for your lungs. In addition, a walk outside to enjoy nature wouldn't hurt either. It can relieve stress & can be relaxing. Furthermore, it is obvious when people are on the computer, they usually block out what their friends & family are saying to them. People can lose track of time & be on the computer for hours. Instead you should use this time to be with your friends and family. Being with your family can make your bond between each other stronger and you can get along with each other better. Also, having a nice family time is a good way to help be with your family. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 experts say that eating a family dinner can help a child's grades & prevent them from using drugs or dropout of high school or college. Finally, kids are more obese than us because they don't get enough excersize. At least @PERCENT1 or more kids are obese from recent studies. Due to this; this can lead to bone & joint issues, heart diseaase, lung problems, diabetes and athsma. These issues above are serious health problems if not treated. If kids excercize instead of being on a computer all day, the number of obese kids will drop drastically. Excersize can help kids' self esteem, and get them back in shape. They can either play sports or even take a walk or run. There are many different things you can do to excersize and its fun for kids. Unquestionably, there is definitely more reasons why there is a negative affect on kids/adults due to computers for the reasons above and more. Computers prevent people from enjoying nature to get fresh air. Likewise, they also prevent families & friends to spend time with each other and lastly, it isnt allowing kids to excersice which can lead to obesity."