"Almost everyone in the @LOCATION1 uses a computers at one point in their life. Computers are a way to teach hand eye coordination through programs, games and typing. The internet can be used for researching different far away cultures, as well as someone's own lifestyle. This compact well made piece of technology has been belaming more and more intricate. Realizing how much help computers have in everyday life, people will be the down fall or support for computer technology moving forward. One very basic but evident result from using a computer is hand-eye coordination. Since the time children are in grade school, they learn typing on a keyboard. Special programs help kids learn the necesary skill while enjoying the practice. When I was small, a mere fight years old, I remember typing. I was always excited when my mom and I went to barnes and noble to pick up a new typing program. I especially enjoyed ""type to learn"" and @CAPS1 typing lessons as well as teaching children to type is general, teaches hand-eye coordination in high school, college, and the job world. Young adults and adults are expected to type papers, resemes, and applications. In this day in age the technology era has begin and typing is a necessity. Another way to teach hand-eye coordination is through computer games. A simple challenge like solitaire, bejewled or car racing teach the skill and much more advanced games for example, world of war craft need perfect coordination can be through typing and games, both on the computer. Though some experts are conserned ""people are spending too much time on the computer and less time..enjoying nature,"" you are able to learn about geography, travel, and nature. One amazing on a computer is the world wide web. This consists of millions of websites, pages, search engines, and information arte you in an upcoming geography uses? Are you planning a trip the for you do you need to find a definition for the word ""cognitive""? of @CAPS1 pertain to you, a legitamite website house your and all you need to do is search. Instead of having to travel to learn about special wonders, for travel prices are expensive and you can simply, click and type to and amazing at your searching on a computer, you can learn about long ago cultures and rituals. Information you would find at museum @NUM1 years ago. @CAPS1 complex simple to use technological a world of pictures simple, art and history right at your fingertips."