"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you like a place where you can control what you @CAPS1 and where you go? I know I @CAPS1. Well, if you afree with me then the computer is your cup of tea I think that computers have a positive effect on society. I think this for @NUM1 main reasons @CAPS2 with others, getting constant updates on whats going on, and a learning tool make up only some of the fasinating aspects the computer has. So read on I know you will think the same way as me about computers given my knowledge below. The computer captures over @NUM2 million humans attention with online social networks facebook, myspace, and @CAPS3 are the main attractions. In all of these websites you can keep up with whats going on with your friends and whats new around the world. These online social networks connect you and the people in your life to a crazy online adventure. All these websites provide the information that people want and keep nthem logging back on everyday. I think these websites are great and can only improve society. This is my first benefit of a computer. Another way aspect that the computer provides is world news and big events and drama that is happening in our society. Many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show. They provide pictures, stories, and actual videos of whats happening right now. The computer helps us americans know what is happening in @LOCATION1 and lets @LOCATION1 know whats happening in the @LOCATION1 and the @CAPS4.S arn't the only ones trough The computers provides international news and gossip for everyone. Here is another reason why the computer is great for society. There are many things that us kids don't know and if we need some deep information we search it on the computer. The computer provides websites giving information on every time you could think of. For example, if I were to be stuck on some science homework I could probably type in my question on ask.com and get a great answer. Parents and teachers want their kids to suceed and the computer defenitly helps. In conclusion, I have given you @NUM1 great, well thought out reasons why the computer benefits society. @CAPS2 with others, updates worldwide and information on school all are in a great piece of technology called the computer. I hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society."