"Dear editor, Computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to the human race. They benefit society in every way imaginable, and have numerous positive affects on people. Computers improve hand eye coordination, allow people to learn about many subjects that books do not give them acess to, and allow millions of people every day to talk and communicate with friends and family. The most important use for computers is learning. Using computers, billions of people gain knowledge that they never would have been able to learn before. Many people like myself check the weather on the computer daily, making sure we are prepared or dressed appropriatly for the weather. Without computers, I would not be able to do this. Also, on days when it snows during the night, I always check the school's website when I wake up in order to ensure that school is still on. This is a helpful resource and I don't know what I'd do without it. Another thing computers allow us to do is check the news. With the click of your mouse, you can check to see who won the presidency, or what shows are on tonight. Another amazing aspect of computers is that they improve eye-hand coordination greatly. This not only benifits my mom who checks her email five times every minute, but my little three year old sister who loves to move the mouse around, and type in random letters on documents. It could entertain her for days, but most importantly, it helps improve her eye-hand coordination every second she sits in that chair. This improved skill will help her enourmously in her future when she soon begins to play sports, and ride bikes. Finally, computers allow millions of friends and family to communicate daily at no cost. If classmates forgot to write down homework they can email the teacher instantly, and know exactly what the homework is and even open the sheet that the teacher attached, and print it out. A couple of weeks ago, my dad went to @LOCATION1 for thirteen days, and it was outragously expensive to talk to him on his phone. So, every couple days, he video chatted with me instead so I could talk to him. hear what he was doing, and even see the view of @LOCATION2 from his window. This was very special to me and could not have been done without computers. As it is so plainly clear, computers help us in so many ways that we forget about like educating us, improving our eye hand coordination, and allowing us to communicate with friends and family. These are just a couple of the positive affects and benifits that computers provide us with."