"Dear @PERSON2, @CAPS1 your latest article on the goods and bads of computers in our society was informative, I believe you left out a few major reasons why technology is doing more harm than good. If people don't become aware of the consiquences, who knows where our world is heading? First off, I'd like to mention the health issues associated with technology in general, but especally computers. Dr. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION2 states that ""@CAPS2 since the popularity of the internet boomed with the invention of websites like '@CAPS3' and '@CAPS4', we've seen a drastic spike in obesity-related heart disease and diabetes."" And @PERSON3 isn't exaggerating. Because of the sudden boom in electronics, more and more people prefer sitting on the couch with their brand new laptop or @CAPS5 then go for a bikeride or play a game of fastball with friends. Because of this, more and more people become victims of heart attacks, strokes, cancer, and bone elipses that could leave them paralized for the rest of their life. Is playing that online game so important, to you that its worth your life? Next, I'd like to touch on the fact that @CAPS1 the internet @MONTH1 seem like a great place to do some socializing, it can actually aid in losing friends insted of making them. I know what your thinking, @PERSON2, 'But sites like '@CAPS6' help people connect, why would they lose friends?' @CAPS7, really. Since its so easy to type in a conversation, people are losing actual social skills. They also spend too much time talking to friends without meeting face-to-face, and that eventually causes them to drift apart. And when talking to someone over a screen, its so hard to know if your actually close friends. Because of this, they cant bond and they wont have a real friendship. @PERSON4, a @NUM1 year old at @ORGANIZATION1, says that him and his best friend now only talk over @CAPS3, and they dont even feel like true friends anymore. So finally, I have a request. Next time you turn on that laptop, think. Is this really worth losing your friends and even your health @CAPS2? Next time feel the urge to update your status with something like '@CAPS8 got home,' @CAPS8 call a friend over to go hang out at the park instead. Trust me, you'll be glad you did. Thank you for the time to read my letter."