"Dear local newspaper, I believe that with too much use of computer it will have bad affects on people. People can get addicted to it so easily. They also use a lot of electricity. And people sit on the computer all day and don't exercise at all. These are all bad affects computers have, but their not all bad, without them life might be a little harder. Playing computer games, and online poker sounds fun right? Wrong! People get addicted to them everyday. Online poker could be dangerous. I remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it. He'd put his credit card information in and sit and play all day. Before he knew it, he was in debt. Once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop. It's a stupid thing to get into because there is no point to it. You sit and waste money, especially with our economy the way it is. A recent study shows that @PERCENT1 of people who play online poker are addicted within two weeks. Other games are also addicting too. There's a website that called addicting. I guess people don't know the affects of being addicted to a computer has on them and their family. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of electricity in @LOCATION1 goes to computer? Thats almost half of it going to one thing. I don't think it's right that pretty much everything is done on the computer now. In our economic chrisis I don't think enery should be wasted playing computer games. We could use energy for more important things that people any need. If everyone didn't need computers to communicate and everything there wouldn't be a problem. The number of computers sold has gone up @PERCENT3 since @DATE1. I understand emailing, and facebook. But don't get out of hand with it. Isnt being outside on a beautiful day great? Wouldn't you rather enjoy that or excercise rather than sitting glued to a computer? Obesity is a huge problem in @LOCATION1. A lot of people are obese from sitting on the computer and not excercising. I remember when I was younger, everytime I went to my friends house, his dad would be sitting and playing poker and games on the computer. He was very out of shape and lazy. His parents later got a divorce because he turned into a totally different person. Most @CAPS1 are lazy. We don't like to do work if we don't have to. I would define they rather excersise or go outside instead of being on the computer. You live a lot healthier when you're not addicted to the computer. And when you're healthier, you're happier. So in conclusion, if you don't control yourself on the computer it can have bad affects. Computers are easy to get addicted to, use a lot of electricity, and can make people fat and lazy. Do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?"