"Dear newspaper editor: @CAPS1 are all living in the age of technology. There are many useful devices that help us live our every day lives. The computer is a major help. @CAPS1 can talk with relitives from different areas and you can surf the internet to learn new information. @CAPS4 you can playing games with people from ground the world. The computer is a great divice. Almost everyone has a relitive that lives in another state or country. Well you never see them because they live far away right? With a computrer you can talk and even have a face to face conversation with them. @CAPS2 can bring your family closer together. For example, my family just got a new computer and @CAPS1 have relitives that live in florida that @CAPS1 almost never see. With the computer my dad talks to them almost everyday. Some people that I have talked to said that ther are excited to see their relitives or friends more often. @CAPS2 has brought them closer together and made them better friends. The internet is a wonder place where you can look up information for a school project and learn about different topics. When kids are doing a project in school and the information they need is not in the class book they can search @CAPS2 and @CAPS2 saves time. @PERCENT1 of kids said that when they are doing a project the best thing to use would be the internet. @CAPS4 @CAPS2 helps the kids work faster so they can spend more time outside or hanging out with their friends. Another thing you can do is learn about recent events. For example most local newspaper have a website that you can visit. Even if you local does not you can go to other websites like ""@CAPS3"". They have recent events that happen around the country and around the world. The internet is useful in many ways and can help you with your every day life. Every kid gets bored when its a rainy day. So they can play games with people from around the world using a computer. The are many websites that have fun games that are fun and enjoyabal. You can @CAPS4 become with people from other contrys. My friends @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 play the computer and they have alot of friends from other contrys. I think that its cool that you are playing the exact game with another. Person in @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2, @CAPS4 most of the games are safe and fun to play. Another thing is that you can connect and play with your friends in your home town. I have many times playes games with @PERSON1 and @PERSON2. @CAPS2's a fun thing to do during a boring, rainy day. In conclusion, the computer is a useful divice thats benefits us and helps us with our everyday life. @CAPS2 allows us to connect with family in far away places and surf the internet for new information. @CAPS4 you can play games with people from around the world. Its a wonderful divice and lets start using @CAPS2. "