"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers are a helpful advantage in the @CAPS4's life. It offers and contributes many ideas and actions. Computers help people find a nice spot to travel. Also it helps people meet or make @CAPS1 friends. A computer is another way for people to get thier hand-eye cordination better. Computers are very helpfull in a humans life. Computers are usefull when trying to explore @CAPS1 places. One can book a flight anywhere in a matter of minits on a computer. How else would it be possible to travel somplace far away without booking a flight on a computer. Next, computers help learn about different coltures. Once one has booked reservations to a certain travel spot on thier computer, they will learn much about the unfamiliar land they have went to. My family has gone to many different areas around the world. The trips would not have been possible without help researching and making flights with the computers. The computer makes it possible to experience to territorys. It is a key item when someone is looking to travel. A computer is emensly important when trying to communicate with friends. People can meet and make friends very simply using websites such as facebook on the computer. Facebook creats friendship very easily. I recently waited to get to know a students better. I looked him up on facebook and now we are aqetances. Next, programs on the computers such as A.I.M. help people communicate about anything such as homework to other personal topics. Lastly, if one wants to get to know another better he or she can look at thier blog. They @MONTH1 start to talk and become good friends. Computers are usfull when trying to comunicate or find friends. Computers not only help with travel and friends but it also helps with ones hand eye cordination. Typing letters while looking at a screen is using the hand eye coordination. This action can help with sports. For example in baseball one must have a good hand eye cordination to help catch and hit the ball. Secondly, with hand eye cordination getting better with the computer. it helps kids fit in. If one has good hand eye cordination they can play sports are make friends. If one becomes good with hand eye cordination and typeing they will be able to get a job writing for a newspaper or a book. Hand eye cordination and typing with computers can lead to a succesfull life. Computers in an @CAPS5 life can help in the long run. It will help with travel plans, friends, and hand eye cordination."