"Dear editor of the @PERSON1, I heard you are writing a section in your newspaper about computers and I just thought I would voice my opinion. Personally, I think computers have a positive effect on people. First, I think computers are swell because you are able to learn things about faraway places, like countries on the other side of the world, from the comfort of your home. Also, the information on the internet can help with students' schoolworks. Finally, you are able to talk with other people on-line. These are just a few points why computers are very importent, that you should include in your article. First off, editor of the @PERSON1, I think computers are good for mankind becasue you are able to learn about places on the other side of the world, while sitting at home drinking hot cocoa. This is so very convinient. There are websites containing the geography, languages, and traditions of countries waiting for you to learn. For example, once my friend, @PERSON3, was planning on going to @LOCATION1 for a business trip, but had no idea how to speak the language. I recommended the website, www.Indianow.com and in two weeks she was speaking like an expert. Another time, my sister, @PERSON4, was visiting her in-laws for the first time. They were full @CAPS1 and she wanted to bake something traditional for them. She looked up a recipe on the web and everyone was satisfied with the scrumptious ravioli she made. This is just one reason the internet is so useful. Second, computers are an amazing invention because you can find help for schoolwork easily. My brother, @PERSON5, was having problems with learning about the seasons, but with one click, he was full of knowledge. Also, now-a-days they even have on-line tutors and on-line colleges! Professor @PERSON2 states that @PERCENT1 of passing college students are earning their degree online. This is a fabulous point on why computers are so important. Lastly, computers are really significant to society because you are able to talk with other people online. With videochat, chatrooms, facebook and @CAPS2, you are bound to make a friend who would last a lifetime. I know I did! There are even on-line dating sites and matchmakers. For instance, after mu uncle divoriced my aunt, she was devastated and couldn't date again for the longest time. I told her to try one of those on-line dating sites, she took my advice and found a lovely man. They have been dating for @NUM1 months. Last @DATE1 he proposed. They are now happily engaged. This is my last reason how computers can change someone's life in a positive way. In conclusion, I think computers are a fantastic inevntion because you are able to learn about faraway places while staying at home. recieve help with your schoolwork, and talk with other people on-line. I really hope you will consider my opinion for your article, editor of the @ORGANIZATION1. Thank you for your time."