"Dear @PERSON1, To this day, there are many people who use telecommunication devices, like the computer. Some think computers have a posotive effect on people. Others are concerned that people spend too much time on them. I think that both these opinions are correct. Although using a computer can become an addicting and unhealthy habbit, they teach a person everyday about something, are enjoyable, and help save the earth. Using computers is something I know millions of people use everyday, and would think @CAPS2 would be difficult to live without. For example, my family owns four computers. We each have our own specific reasons for using them. For my mom, @CAPS2's usually working or checking her e-mails. For me and my sister, @CAPS2's researching and typing of homework, and communicating with our friends via facebook or. So say when my mom is working, or me and my sister are researching something we learn. Before these were computers, everyone used, but now that we have the internet, theres no really need to get a book. Most of the time people wont even have the book their looking either have to go out and buy get one from the library. Now this is an inconvenience to people, so why not use the internet thats quick, and. People also use computers to like I mentioned above with maybe facebook, @CAPS1, or e-mail.@CAPS2's quick, easy and fun. @CAPS2 also saves paper which helps the planet. We always use to send letters, but now with these sources, you don't need to much! Computers are also fun for kids because you can play a lot of games on bring. Now even though I mentioned all those good things, there are unfortunately bad ones too. So many people use computers everyday, and @CAPS2's bad for your physical and mental health. People spend so much time on them that they can get easily addicted. This means they will be on them all the time, and never do other things like go outside. They wasn't exercise which could be bad for their physical health. Also, staring at a screen all day is bad for your eyes, and brain. So I think, due to these causes, people shouldn't use them constantly. In conclusion, I'd like to say that people should use computers for learning things, go outside or do something active because spending all this time on computers can result in physical and mental health issues. Thank you and I hope you agree with my statements."