"I People spend too much time on the computer. A lot of people are on the computer for about the whole day. They should be spending time with family and friends. People never have enough time for activities. Also computer should mostly be used for talking with family and friends, homework,research, games @CAPS1 bored, and work. To begin with, people need to spend more time with family and friends rather than on the computer. For example @CAPS1 your mother or father asked you @CAPS1 you wanted to go out to dinner and you said no, I'm on the computer, that would just mean your obsessed with going on the computer. A lot of families are bing broken apart because people spend too much time on the computer @CAPS1 you have a friend over and they say I am bored and all you are doing is play games on the computer than that is just being rude because your friend is bored. So you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones. Previously I stated how people spend time with loved ones, well people need to spend more time doing activities as well. A lot of humans sit on the computer and eat so over the time they eventually get fat. @CAPS1 you are gaining weight because your on the computer than you need to go do some activite to off that fat. @CAPS1 you are a teen and you are given the idea to play a sport and you it because computer is more important then is some serious obesession with the computer. As a result, the computer should be used wisely. The computer should be used to talk to family and friends, homework, research, work, and @CAPS1 you bored play some games little games on the computer. Those are probably the most important things that should most likely used for the computer. A lot of these things that I have listed are important because @CAPS1 you go on the computer just to be on and watch people talk then what's the point of wasting your time on the computer when you could be doing much more different things on the computer. For example, @CAPS1 you have homework such as vocabulary and you need definitions you can go to www.dictionary.com to find them, or @CAPS1 you just need to define a simple word. In conclusion, people spend too much time on the computer. They need to be spending more time with family and friends. Also people need to be doing more activities in their lives. Lastly, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research. So, as you can see humans spend too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things."