"Dear @CAPS1, People use computer all over the world, for one reason or another, but they are very necessary in our world. That is why computers have a good effect on people today. They help us contact distant family members. Kids rely on them for studying or homework. Adults need them for their jobs, like sending emails or typing a proposal. Thats why computers have a good effect on us. Like me, many kids have family across the ocean or just across the country, either way, contacting them is tough. Calling them @MONTH1 be expensive in most cases and sending letters certantly take to much time to reach them. With email, the message will be sent quickly and free. You can also have conversations through email with no problem. Another very effective way to contact family is through skype or a web cam. This way you can see your family from miles away in the comfort of your own home. Computers help kids too. Kids like me always have homework on the computer. It could be typing up a final draft of a paper or taking notes on a historical figure, either way they both require a computer. Sure, there are books to take notes on people, but do books type up papers? Kids and teenagers can also use them for studying. I constantly use the computer to practice spanish buy using a website with worksheets a flash card to help me. Computers nbot only help kids, they help adults too. MAny adults in @LOCATION1 and othe countries are business men and woman. They are constantly sending emails, typing proposals and all those things. And without a computer all that would be very challenging. Business men are not the only ones doing that though. My father, an electrition, has to sned out emails and documents about his latest project several times a week. Aside from work, we use them in our everyday lives. For example, ordering clothes and toys, but most popular is doing your taxes online. It is quicker easier and that is why @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 finish their taxes online. Computers have a good effect for people of this age. Not only i sthat my opinion, it is also more of a fact. They help us stay connected with distant relatives, help our children stay on top in school and help our parents and other adults in their jobs in everyday lives. Not only are they helpful, but they are necessary and I hope your agree with me."