"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 are you? As for me I am fine. I am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons why I am writing this letter is that people could contack with friends and families from far-away places, computers helps you leran more about different parts of the world and also computers helps people understand and learn more about life. That's why I believe you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people. First of all why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that people could contack with friends and families from far-away places. An example to support my reason is that people from all parts of the world have families different places. And they cannot have a good contack with them. But if they go on the internet they could their friends and families and chat with them. This shows that if you live in the @LOCATION2 and you have a friends that live in @LOCATION1 you could have a with I have families that lives and @LOCATION1 and it is hard to them. But when I am on the computer I can chat with them and have a fun time. This shows that you need a computer to catch up with friends and family. That's why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Second of all why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that computers helps you learn more about different parts of the world. An example is that if you don't know anything about a country or a place you could go on the internet a research and learn more about that place. This shows that computers is important to have. Another example is that when I have a project or a essay and I don't know about it. I could go on the computer and look it up. And by doing this it will help me on my project or essay. That's why I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Finally why I believe so is that computers helps you understand and learn more about life. An example is that if you don't know if something is right or wrong you could look it up and it @MONTH1 help you. This shows that computers can give advices. Another example is that computers could give you an idea on what to do. If you are trying a new resipie and you are not sure on @CAPS3 to make it. And it will give you the inderigant and direction to make that food or snack you want. That's why I believe that you and all others should believe that computers have a positive effects. In conclusion why you should believe that computers have a positive effect is that people could contack with friends and families, computers helps you learn about different parts of the world, and also computers helps you learn and understand more about life. I would hope you read and reread this letter and consider about believing that computers have a positive effect on people. That's why you should believe that computers have positive effect on people. "