"Dear editor, I think that people are spending too much time on the computer. Because of this, people are getting less exersice, they are not spending enough time outdoors and the dont spend as much time with their family and friends. Exersicing is an important part of one's daily schedued. I have a friend who exersices everyday. She is the healthiest person I know and rarely spends anytime on the computer. But, she knows someone who is almost her compleate oposite. He hardly ever exersices and spends @NUM1 hours on the computer each day. He has also been diagnosed with diabeties and is obese. These are the type of health problems that are faced because of lack of exersice and too much computer time. Experts say that people should get at least @NUM2 minutes of exersice every day. But, because more and more people are spending time on computers, this is almost impossible. Studies done at @ORGANIZATION1 show that @PERCENT1 of kids under the age of @NUM3 are obese or at the risk of becaming obese because they are not getting enough exersice. You don't want that number to increase do you? There are other problems that people face because of too much time on the computer. People are spending less time outdoors and more time inside at a desk. My friend @PERSON1 spends way too much time on her computer and not enough outside. She failed a science poject because she was on her computer, rathern than outside comparing the leaves from different trees. Doctor @PERSON2 is a child phycologist and when he asked kids if they would rather play outside or be on a computer, @PERCENT2 of them said computer. This shows that people on computers are not only young, but they want to be on the computer more than be outside. This is a number that, in my opinion, is too high. Lastly, there is the problem of people not spending enough time with their family and friends. By this I mean face to face time, not just video chatting with your friends on facebook. This has caused tension in relationships. My friend @PERSON3 didn't go to her family reunion but stayed at home on the computer and at the next family get together, she was ostrisized because she didn't go to the reunion. High @ORGANIZATION1 guidance counselor @PERSON4 says that @NUM4 out of @NUM5 friendships are ruined because kids dont spend enough face to face time with their friends but are on the computer. These are all god reasons why less time on the computer and more time exersicing, outside, and with family and friends will make your life happier and healthier."