"Dear @CAPS1 of The Local Newspaper: @CAPS2 students are promoted to higher grade levels, more teachers will require research papers. In my opinion @CAPS10 a computer helps me complete my research paper and the contents in it are the best it can be. What makes students and parents more happy to see @CAPS3's on their child's paper? Advances in technology. there should be advances in technology because they teach hand-eye coordination, it gives the ability to learn about far away places, and people, and even allows people to talk online with other people. To begin there should be advances in technology beacause it teaches hand-eye coordination. In a recent poll seen in TIME magazine, it showed that @PERCENT1 of people who use computers had a large increase in their coordination, people were not @CAPS2 clumsy and poorly coordinated. @PERSON1, a professional tennis player @CAPS4 that, ""@CAPS5 I started using a computer, I always, would play tennis for living and it was a bad choice because I was poorly coordinated. I always missed the tennis ball in matches. So I decided to stop. Then I started to use the computer more and my coordination improved. Now I barely miss any tennis balls."" @CAPS6, @CAPS10 advances in technology will improve and teach hand-eye coordination. Another reason there should be advances in technology is because it gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people. @PERSON2 @CAPS7 a writer from @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 that, ""People like to research a place @CAPS5 they go on vacation or a buisness trip because they would like to know more about it."" Not knowing anything about your vacation destination is like not knowing what's for dinner tonight, it is clearly unreasonable. Recent studies show that the more a person knows about their vacation destination the more enjoyable it is. Thus, the more vacations they go one which is profitable for airplane companies. Also knowing about the different cultures of the people in far away places gives people a better perspective of the world they live in. Thus, @CAPS10 advances in technology will give the ability to learn about far away places and people. Furthermore, @CAPS10 advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people. @PERSON3 @CAPS8 the creator of @CAPS9 @CAPS4 that, ""@CAPS10 online chat programs will help people communicate with each other. @CAPS9 has been beneficial to everybody. For example, it helps people re-connect with their former friends. It is also very beneficial to students because if they forget a homework assignment they can log onto @CAPS9 and ask a classmate."" A recent article found on @ORGANIZATION2, showed that online chat programs helped people communicate with each other. @CAPS6, @CAPS10 advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people. In conclusion, @CAPS10 advances in technology will improve hand-eye coordination, teach people about far away places and people, and allows people to talk online with other people. When voting on this decision please take part and support advances in technology, it will be beneficial to everybody. Thank you for your time."