"Dear editors of the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 morning, my sister wakes me up to go to school. She uses her cell phone to set an alarm. A few years ago, my mom would come in and tell us it was time to get up. Now, we have one small device that we carry around with us to do our work. Most everyone has cellphone now, and it does much more than allow people to talk to one another from two different places. Now we can play games, go on the. These advances in the technology are making us very selfish. I, for one, do not approve. For starters, all of these new and improved gadgets are time consuming. With all the things to do in the world, we could all be doing something helpful, fun, or productive. Don't you agree? I mean, if you consider the idea that we all could be hitting the gym or studying for school tests and quizzes, then most teenagers would be in much better shape, physicly, and mentaly, @CAPS2. @PERSON1, my aunt an former physisist, said. The rate at which most students and kids grow increasingly more obese, @CAPS3 because of these new ideas involving phones and i-pods are completely sickening. The more time we spend using these items, the more we oppose the idea of being active? You can clearly see how we are growing less energetic, and much more careless of our time. Furthermore, the advances in today's society are pushing on the boundries at internet safety. Sure, people might claim that they can block out other people, but sometimes when someone posts something on the web, they don't always hide it well enough. They could have blackmailed one of your friend into commiting a crime, right? That happened to one of my cousins, @CAPS3 last year. The police took a long time to find her after she had been kidnapped, because the person who kidnapped her hid the evidence by a chain of blackmails. Do you see how important it is to spend less time on these silly computers? It sucks us into a virtual world that is sometimes 'bloody' or 'war-like? My brother learned swearing from the new & advanced game of @CAPS5. It's a fighting game (@CAPS6!) I implore your company to make the righty decision and write to help pull us off of our butts and get us up and going strong again. I hope you take my advice, and i thank you for your extremely valuable time and effort."