"As the people of the world are starting to use the computer more and more, I think it has a extremely positive effect on people. Computers are not all fun and games they help with other things as well. For example, some of the amazing things the computer are; teach hand-eye coordination. give people all over the world a chance to learn about the places, people and culture from far away places, and last hit not least, it is another way to allow people to talk online with their friends. Now let me explaine more about what a positve effect the computer is for the millions of people that use one. The computer today is such a great thing to have in your house. It is not for just ga off and playing video games on, it is also very helpful in the education of young children, teens, parents, and even grandparents. when you use the computer there os so much you can learn. For instance lets say you have a in your socical or history about the country or and you don't know a thing about it. What do you do? You should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about @LOCATION1 that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer. The computer is also a great way to practice and get better using your hand-eye coordination. First you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard. After you have that skills, you should try to look at the computer screan. and not be working down at you finger keys. Not only is that not helping you hand-eye coordination, but it is causing you to type much slower than you would if you were looking at the screen. The computer truely is unbelievable. Are you one of those people who's parents don't you get a phone because use of how much it costs without even the cost of texting? Well if you are, the computer help you out with that problem aswell!! There are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer. For example, you could use @CAPS1 to instant your friends or facebook to learn more and more about somebody. The comp. is so hanndy! So lets recap on what we learned! The computer helps people learn about different places all over the world helps w/ hand-eye coordination, and lets you talk to your friends! I think the comp is a in every household."