"Dear Local Newspaper, I think the effects that computers have on people are bad, and should be stopped. I mean don't get me wrong computers help people, but a lot of people go on it everyday, some computers can get viruses, and there are much more activities to do other than on a computer. I hope to persuade you about the horrible effects a computer has on people. Do you know how many people use the computer? Well, according to @ORGANIZATION1 over @NUM1 billion people use a computer worldwide. The problem we are facing today is that too many people are on a computer, most of them are teens. According to @PERSON1 about @PERCENT1 of teens spend most of their time on an computer. Facebook, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1, and @CAPS2 are the most common places to find teens. I would know that because I have a facebook myself. I've had one for almost a year, and you should see all the people who have one. My friend wanted me to get one because she said she had one one wanted me to get one too. So I did and then I found out that more then half of my grade had a facebook. In my own words I honestly think the computer can be addicting, especially when your on a worldwide account like facebook. There are many people on the computer and if must be stopped. In addition, another reason is computers occasionally get viruses. According to @CAPS3.com, the average adult gets about @NUM2 to @NUM3 viruses a year. My friend @PERSON2 was on his computer typing a report, and then his computer shut down. Then @NUM4 seconds @CAPS4 the computer said you have a virus. The next day @PERSON2 told me he didn't have his report because the virus wiped out all his information. About @PERCENT2 of viruses can cause a computer to shut down and it is hard to reboot it. Some places have made virus scans such as mcafee. and @CAPS5, but sometimes they can't catch the virus. @PERCENT3 of people who say that a virus was cought by the virus scan they have, their computer freezes up and you can't delete the virus, viruses must be terminated, so the computer can work properly. Thats another reason to why computers affect people in a bad way. Furthermore, people think that the computer is their everything. They're wrong! There is a lot of activities that they can do other than be on a computer. According to @CAPS6. Burn the average person between the ages of @NUM5 and @NUM6 spend more then @NUM7 hours on a computer. There are many other options of activities like call your friends and get together, that's why they invented the cell phone, play a sport, read a book, spend time with family for @PERSON3's @CAPS7! Don't spend all your time on the computer. About @PERCENT4 of teens who are on the computer alot tend to get into lower colleges later in life. That is my final reason of the bad effects a computer has. In conclusion, computers can cause a bad influence due to viruses, too much time on it, and not doing other things. I hope you can see my point to this and please send me a response as soon as possible."