"Dear editor, Computers have a good effect on humans. The reason is because you can interact with friends and family that they know, the computer @MONTH1 be portable so you can still get outside, and lastely people can research places where they want to go on vacation. These reasons are how computers have a good effect on humans. To begin with, seeing people in person is not the only way to communicate, on the computer there is many ways. There are chat rooms, that have typing to eachother. Take my friend @PERSON5 for example, he used to live in @LOCATION2 with all his friends and family until buisiness came along. His buisiness transfered @PERSON5 all the way to @LOCATION1. Thank god he had a computer, because other wise he would not have able to communicate with his friends. @PERSON5 is not the only person in which he is transfered far away from home. In fact, @PERSON4 showed @PERCENT1 of people with a computer tend to talk to friends and family more often because they can do it whenever they need. Gene a phsychyatrist states that when someone in a family has to leave to go on buisiness, then that family will start relying on a computer to communicate. Do you want to lose a friend or family member? Moreover, computers @MONTH1 be portable. If a computer is portable then you can see nature and still use the computer to get the job done. Take my cousin @PERSON2 is a teacher and always has to do his students grades during the weekend. He was bummed out because he could never get outside. So for his birthday, he got a portable computer, this allowed him to go outside and do his job while getting fresh air and seeing nature. @PERSON2 is one of many lucky people that has had this happen to them. @PERSON6 has shown that @PERCENT2 of teachers buy portable computers so they can see nature and get fresh-air while doing their job. @PERSON1, proved that if a teacher doesn't get any fresh air while doing their job then they can make a valuable mistake or even get sick. Would you, a teacher, want to get sick with no fresh air or be healthy working out doors? Lastly, there is more to do on computers than doing work and communicating with friends and family. You can research places for vaction. My aunt @PERSON3 had always dreamed of going on vacation but couldn't find any information on fun, outdoor places. Until, she got her hands on a computer. This way she found a fun place and left the country for week. @PERSON3 is not the only person this has happened to. In fact, @ORGANIZATION1 shows that @PERCENT3 of people hesitate to go on vaction because they don't know about the country or place."