"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you belive that the advances in our technology are not good for our society you must be misunderstanding computers have a positive affect on the people in our community by giving us well hand and eye coordination and giving us the ability to seek and find information to learn. It can also allow people to communicate online with others. Hand and eye coordination is an important thing that helps us everyday. @CAPS2 new technology such as computers, can help us with that skill, we should use it. @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1 says, ""Computers do help us a lot; almost @PERCENT1 of active computer users do improve their hand and eye coordination just by using the computers for a small amount of time everyday."" @CAPS3 and education are essential, especially now; the more you learn, the better salary you get. With this new technology, you can earn degrees and learn in a short period of time. My aunt got her @CAPS4 online about six months ago, and just because of that, got promoted at her job. Gaining valuable @CAPS3 online doesn't just go for adults but children as well. @CAPS2 they have a report on @CAPS5 or need some help on their homework, these new technologies are one of the most effective, fastest ways to learn and find information. @PERSON2, a doctor that specializes in @CAPS6 emotions/feelings says in the @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 last month that, ""in this new millenium, preteens and teenagers simply love the new advances in technology, and @CAPS2 we want them to learn, then we can take this tool and have them use it."" Computers are also a great way to communciate it's fast and easy. I have an uncle who lives in @LOCATION1, and we rarely get to see each other due to the distance, som we catch up by messaging each other by social netwroks or emails. It's even free, unlike the costly long distance calls. The communication is also great for businesses. A company can reach out and contact their customers to reschedule an appointment, give receipts, advertist and many other things. Computers are essential and effective techorlogy that are use by people around the country and world. They improve hand-eye coordination, allow people to gain @CAPS3 and education, and gives people opportunity to communicate with others. this is another great and useful step in our communities around the world."