There are many reasons that computers are a good thing for the world. They let us learn about far away places without us even having to leave our homes. Another reason why computers are so important is we can talk to our family without having to even travel if they live in another country or another state or even if they are your neighbors. Lastly they teach us hand-eye cordination that is a much needed skill that can help you get through life. The fantastic thing about computers are that we can learn about far away places without having to leave the comfort of our home. People of all different countries @MONTH1 be inquestitive about where they came from. They @MONTH1 also wonder how other countries are doing goverement wise or even economic (stocks). All of this is possible and much quicker then watching the news or weather channel. Computers allow us to search the web and arm ourselves with knowledge. The marvelous things about computers is the speed of them. You could be waiting for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes. However if you go on your computer and use the internet it makes you life much easier and the faster you can look up somes part of knowledge the faster you might be able to make dinner or even enjoy a nice walk outside and breathe in the nice icy crisp cold air. Also radios and television stations might be a little of with their accuaracy. Maybe a minute later there is a suicide bombing that you might like to know about or the stock might go up one-hundred points or go down one-hundred points. This is all valuable information that people would want to be one-hundred percent accurate. Secondly you can stay in touch with your family even if they live in a different country or in a different state. With webcams that are attachable to some computers or some that are embedded within the computers you can talk to them. My grandma was in the hospital once and I wasn't allowed to see her since I was to young. Since the technology of webcams were invented I was able to see her on the screen instead of seeing her in real life but at least i was able to see if she was doing okay. Webcams are a could way also in discussions. Such as you and your friend are joking and she says something you think is rude but you can't tell that she being sarcastic you might get into a fight. If you have a webcam you can talk to eachother on the computer and see if she is being sarcastic or not. Technology @MONTH1 be one of the greatest inventions that has come forth and @MONTH1 be the best one that will ever be made. That last important thing that you need to know about computers is that they teach you hand-eye cordination. Hand-eye cordination is an important skill that is acquired. This is an important skill because it allows you to suceed in life such as having to write. This skill is also important if you have a job that invloves computers because you need to know how to type and move you fingers fast if you want to suceed in this well payed job. This skill also helps provide a wide range of other suceesful jobs in the world. Computers in the long run are magnificent machines that makes life a lot easier and fun in acquiring knowledge. If you don't have a good hand-eye cordnation you should get a computer because it will help a lot. however if you get a computer you must update it reguarly so you computer will not become slow and start crashing on you. In conclusion computers are the best thing that has been introduced to man kind so far in this world. It allows you to do do many things such as news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally. Also it allows you to stay in touch with your family no matter how far you live or what country that you life in. Lastly computers teach you the important skill of hand-eye cordnation. Everyone in the world should be able to have a computer so that they could obtain the knowledge that they would nedd to suceed in life.