"Dear local newspaper, I think that computers are great for our society. Computers have a positive effect on people. They teach to people hand-eye cordination, and about places all over the world. Computers are also great for talking online to family and friends. Computers teach people hand-eye cordination. They help people to get familiar with looking at a screen and typing letters to form words. Computers are excellent for students that play the piano, like me. It helps you to be able to look at the music and have your fingers know where to play. The computers helps with the piano because they both involve you looking at a screen, or music. While your fingers know what to do. So I think computers helps children and teens to have better hand-eye cordination. Computers are also very helpful to everyone because it is great for researching facts, or even just looking for somewhere to go on vacation. Say you just got home from school, and your teacher had assigned you to write a two page paper on the @CAPS1 @CAPS2. You would not be able to do it by memory, you would need facts. So you should go to the library, but no one can take you. Well if you have a computer, it is a great way to research a topic for school. You don't have to leave your home, you can even stay in your pajamas. Computers give you the information that you need. Or if your planning a vacation in @LOCATION1, and don't know where to stay, then the internet will get you right there and give you great opptions. Another thing computers are great for is talking. How so you say, well you can got to A.I.M. online. You can have conversations with all your friends and family. This year my brother, and my closest cousin to me, went to college. Now I only see them about twice a year, it is so quiet without them, especially at my house. If I want to ever talk with my brother, it is great like he is in my home again. He sends me pictures of his college, friends, and any fun places that he goes. So without computers I would practically never see my brother, or talk to him. Local newspaper please consider my opinion, I feel that computers benefit are society. They leave a positive effect on people in the community and world. Computers teach teens, and children excellent hand-eye cordination, and helps people like me to play the piano more smoothly and exact. Computers are also great for looking up facts for school when the library is not available. The internet also keeps me closer to my brother, whose in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other. So please take my opinion into consideration. Thank you."