"Dear Newspaper, I am writing this better to explain to you how more people in our society would benefit from using computer you can do work in less time it would take to do it manualy. You can interact and make more friends by talking or web chating. Not to forget that it is more entertaning. That is what computers were made for. To help us with tasks or for our personal use. How do computers though help us with work? Lets say that you are having a buisness meeting and you have to write a five page report with pictures and a graphs. It would take you twice the time to do that by hand then with a computer. With a computer, you can type you work which makes it much neater and looks more proffesional, You can copy and paste your images that you can @CAPS1 on the internet. With graph making software, you can easily plug in the data you have collected and the computer will do the rest. If you had to do this by hand, you would have to write extremly neat, @CAPS1 pictures in a newspaper or mabe, even draw them. Then you would have to make the graph by hand making sure not to mess up. It makes it twice as hard, to do a simple task with a computer. What if you want to talk to a friend? With a computer you can easily talk to a friend as to having to write a letter or talk on the phone with a computer you can either chat with a person with writing or even being able to see them on you computer screen. Instead of just hearing voice or waiting two or three days to talk to them. If you have a laptop you can talk to them were every they go or you go. Being able to see the person at your convinience to talk without having to leave you house is a very good thing to have. The benifit are major and it doesn't cost anything to chat. If you have a friend or relative that lives very far away, you can easily go at talk and have a video conference. What about entertainment? The computer is a very valuable too! but we can fun, we can play games or watch videos at as convinience. They don't cost a lot to download at all, they can be played with friends on a web chat or by yourself. Videos you can watch all the time with no ads to interupt you can pause the video too. This is more efficie, they care I very convinient for the average person. Playing games were ever you go is good and again don't art to play or. In conclusion I think that people would be more from using computers this is because it is easier to work with. We can interact with each other. Use it for entertainment. Technology was made to make things easier do we should take advantage of it."