"Has a computer helped you ever answerd hard question or type up an essay for school for work? I know a computer has helped me far years so why would I teminate it or want it gone. Heres the controversy, many experts believe computers don't benefit society but people, such as myself, believe the exact oppositte. Their are many benefits to oconing a computer such as they're always a source of information, allow you to talk online with others, and they can help people with their school and job loans. No matter what the problem, don't you believe a computer is always a source of information that could help? A computer has endless information on any topic unlike books. This is because everyone, from the most to the least intelligent people, have their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in a computer on the web. I once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology. Thus, for most of his life he wondered the world with no hint or clue as where to @CAPS4 in search of a rare artifact called the @CAPS1 diamon. He never found the diamond but his son who searched it on the internet found out the root geo from @CAPS1 meant underground in ancient @CAPS2 culture. due to a computer he found the diamond underground, beneath the ancient @CAPS2 temples. Therefore, I believe if people would embrace technology such as computers they would find many things that they never thought of. also, computers give you the ability to chat online with family and friends. Many people use computers to stay in touch when they have no available phones, with a computer you could chat with your friend down the street or your family member on vacation in another country. No matter where you are a compute can always be on available form of communication. for example, the only way many of our soldiers fighting wars stay in touch with their loved ones back home is by talking to them online with a computer. One thing I know is no matter how old to probably about @NUM1, if you have a job or go to school you have used a computer to help you with @CAPS4. Whether it was getting an answer to a homework question or researching a person for a project, we all use computers. Computers even have the ability to help you make brochures or pamphlets. This can greatly help you advertise if that is something you do at work. Also, many people don't have the neatest handwriting so they type their essay or letter to their boss, you can even choose what type of handwriting it types. No matter the case, with work a computer always helps. Yes, I do believe computers benefit the society. Althourgh, some experts do disagree with me and believe they can become an addition. Still take my suggestions seriously and continue to use your computer. Remember, it is always a source of info., you can chat online, and it helps with work."