"It has come to my attention that there is an argument about whetehe or not computers have a positive effect on people. I think that computers do have a positive effect on people because with computers people can get needed information that could be used to help them, it lets poeple talk to friends and family around the world and also computers tecah people new things. Therefore, computers have a positive efefct on people. students whether it be at college oer elementary schoools almost always go to a computer when they have to fo projects for thier classe without computers students wouldn't be able to get the information that they need and could cayse them to get a bad grade on the project which could result in grades geting worse and worse. Adults use computers often for work and planning, so if there weren't any computers then it would mean thousands of people would lose their jobs and could forget sceduled plans that could be important and could result in causing families to lose money, not enough money to pay bills and could result in losing their homes causing them to live on the streets. Evry person has at least two or more friends or relatives that live in a different place in the wrold that is not easy to stay in contact with so it could result in having to use long distance calling which could waste alot of money. However, with computers people can talk to freinds and realtives from around the world without having to psend any extra money on phone calls to their friends and fmaily members from around the world. Also if something happens to a family member of somewhere around where a realtive lives we could use the internet to check in with them to see if everything is ok. Many parents are using computers to help teach their kids at a nearly age so they are ready for when they go to school for the first time. Also computers are used at schools mainly to teach the students about things that they need to know for the future, as a result computers become very usefull to people when they are trying to learn how to do something wheather its for school. college or a job computers are of tun used daily for important things that we need to learn for our lives in the future sow e won't need any extra help tyring to learn how to do something. Also we would be bale to help people when they neede help if we already knew what to do. As you cna see computers do have a positive effecton peopel because people can use computers to help them gain the information they need for school or work, it lets you check in with friends and family from aorund the world and finally computers help teach us very important life lessons. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people and it could save a person from losing things that are.important to themselves or others. "