"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know, more and more people are starting to use computers. In my opinion, I think the computer does benefit society in many ways. One positive effect it has on people is that they can communicate. Through the computer, people are able to send messages to each other. If someone doesn't have a phone or car, they can simply go online, write a message, and click the send button. This is an easy way to communicate with someone who lives half way around the world @CAPS2 well. If you have family members who live far away, you can also send them pictures of yourself, friends/family, and places you've been to. They can receive them and also send pictures back. Another positive effect computers have on people is that they can learn new things. The internet allows you search different topics and basically has everything and anything you could ever think of. If you go on @ORGANIZATION1 and type in a word like 'dog,' you'll see a bunch of websites that will take you to other websites that are just about dogs. You can find a list naming types of dogs, how old a dog can live up to, where most dogs are found, how to care for them well, etc. The internet lets you explore new things and help find ideas. You name it; they got it. The computer also cames in handy when you have nothing to do. If you're bored and can't play outside because the weather is bad or you broke your leg, you can play computer games, listen to music online, or write your own story on a word document. Playing computer games can teach you techniques to help play a game better, @CAPS2 well @CAPS2 keep you busy. If you want to listen to music to keep yourself entertained, you can go on @CAPS3 or other sites and find any song you want to hear. It's better than listening to the radio because sometimes you don't like the song that's giving. If you're also in the mood to write a story, you can open a word document or if you just want to type whats on your mind. @CAPS2 you can see, I think the computer is a facinating tool to use. You can communicate, learn new things, and keep yourself entertained if you're not able to do something active. Just remember, whenever you can, go out and play or hang out with friends and family."