"I remember when computer wernt so popular. Back then I had to write my essays and listen to music on the radio. Now computers are very popular. I believe that computers have positive effect on people @DATE1 because students need them for school, you can use them for other things, and lastly it is easy to acess them. You will know that computers are good for our society! Most students use the computers to type college essays, project etc. Which is good because its much easier. For example im a student that can't draw so printed some pictures of the computer so I can paste them on my post board. So in the other words the computer is useful for students. I know @NUM1 out of @NUM2 colleges expect students to turn in there assignements threw the computers or its a zero. In this society theres no time for zeros because when you are in college your still paying for the class even if your failing or not. So basically its a waste of money. So the computer can save us from failing! People these days use computers for pleasure. Usually messaging people on myspace, facebook, twitter, and other social networks. Which is kind of intersting because you can up with friend that you haven't seen in years. As you can see the internet has its advantaes because you would have nvever thought you will see your friend doing. Another thing about computers that you can fint stuff cheaper than everyday lif say if you want to a trip and you call @ORGANIZATION1 for your ticket. The ticket came up to . But you go on the computer and you on @ORGANIZATION1 website and find your ticket to florida the price will most likely be a couple hundred dollars less. Since we are in a restion we will need those couple hundred dollars for savings. Computers are everywhere You can find one at school, home, a cafe or even on your cell phone. Which is good because you can use them at your own convince. At home if my labtop is free I can go on it and be on it for hours playing games. Also, I remember when my computer broke and I wanted to go on the computer so badly. So I realized that I can go on the computer at the library. I was so happy because it was no cost to me. To sum up computers have a positive effect on people. I seriously don't know what to do if I didn't have one because students need them, you can do other things on it, and lastly its easy to acess one! In this generation everybody is rushing and computers."