"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Which article title more interesting, ""Local @CAPS1 wins three mile race"" or ""Local @CAPS1 wins three mile race on computer game."" @CAPS3, the less interesting title is what your news will change to if people keep using computers. Some effects computers have on people use cheating an less time with family and friends and lastly, most people aren't learning anything while on the computer, they're just plaing games. As you can see, I agree that computers are a bad idea. I bet some people have never thought of this but computers can lead kids, and maybe even adults, to cheating. There are websites on the internet where the user just types the question in, and they get an answer. There is @CAPS4 another way of cheating, copying others work, essays or articles form a website. Some students could be told to write a biography on a person, and they could just copy an article, switch some words around to make a sound like their own paper, and with no guilt. Another can people computer spend less time with family and friends I was watching television and playing on the computer. The wife was very close to because spent the computer helping @CAPS4, there can was always in the on the computers. Because this show I realized that computers kinds anti-social divorce between parents go up. Do you see all people computers looking up facts about things as going on the computers learning. I know that when I have time to go on the computer, I am not looking up things to learn. Most people these days dont care too much about learning about countries, other than their own, or people, other than people they know. I think it's pretty obvious that noone is going on computers to learn, otherwise they wouldn't have so many users on game websites. In conclusion, computers have negative effects that get to all people. So, @ORGANIZATION1 you want to have your news be the latest divorces and computer game high scores? Or do you want interesting news that will keep you newspaper going. Thanks for taking the time to read this."