"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has come to my attention that the aspect of computers and their influence on people has been brought up. I personally feel that computers are a marvelous tool to help mankind advance. They provide infinite knowledge, entertainment, and dispite what the opposing side says, allow social interactions for those who don'@CAPS4 like to meet face to face. My first reason why computers benefit humans rather than hurt them is the knowledge they provide. Computers give access to the internet, which has near-infinitr amounte of knowledge stored inside @CAPS2. With a simple click of a button you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question. They can provide tons of information normally unobtainable. Take for example two students, one with a conputer are without. Both are given an assignment to write a report on a famous person. The one with the computer logs any searches for the reason, and in seconds has enough information to write numerous reports. He aces the reports, and continues to use this method. He graduates top of the class, goes through college and gets a high paying job right out of the gate. The one without the computer needs to go to the library. After spending an hour walking there, he learns that all the books on thet person are checkedout. He finds a book with a short bit on that person and writes about thet. He fails the test, fails the grade, drops out of school, and works ot a @ORGANIZATION1 his entire life. See how much of a different a computer can make? My second reason is that, even though computers are often thought of as destroying @CAPS2, @CAPS3 can build social lives. Millions of people use the internet everytime and there are places on the web built so that they can talk. Some people @MONTH1 that this is and leads to , but anyone who has basic knowledge knows not to information. The internet also has and those still unsure can use specially sites to talk to people they know in life onlt. @CAPS2 also allows for people to ask questions. Having differently finding specific information? Just post a question on a public site use people with first hand experience will answer @CAPS2 with all the detail you need and more. Say that somebody wants to be a writter, but needs to know how the writing system works, how to set a job in @CAPS2, what the pay is, etc. He searches the internet, but only finds job applications and college ady so he asks the questions on a public site. Someone who has been a write their whole lives checks out the question, and answers @CAPS2 ion great detail. Problem solvely and @CAPS2 someone on the internet. My final reason is the entertainment computer provide you can play games, watch movies or homemade videos, and even talk to friends. Computers allow you to access thousands of free services to benefit you. Sitting in your room, bored? Why not play a game on your computer. Tired of @CAPS4.V movies? Go to the computer and have an infinite wideo library? Go to the computer and have an infinite video library at your dipasle. Lonely? Go to a social website and strike up a conversation. @CAPS2 has infinite entertainment, right at your finger-tips. In conclusion, I believe that compkuters is no limit to what you can do with a computer, as long as you have the imagination. Computers were invented to benefit mankind, not hurting and they are doing a great job."