"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, The use of advanced computers have increased. You don't see kids outside as often. On the news, you hear about obesity. And you hear the crime rates go up. This does not benefit the socierty. Computers has a negative effect on people. Does your neighborhood seem to be locking children? It's not because their dead! They are now always inside on their computer. I know a thirteen year old named @ORGANIZATION1. She even admits that being on a computer is better than being outside with friends. Meeting people over technology, especially for miners, is a huge risk. You don't know the person. Soon, you would have no friends when it comes to being in the social life. You'd be the outsider. For @PERSON3, her family doesn't even know who she is anymore. Do you want your child to be the outsider? Being on a computer all the time is like being at a fastfood restaurant. You don't exercise, all you do is eat andt talk, but now all you do is eat and on the computer. I have met a obese child. @PERSON2. He weighs three-hundred pounds at the age fourteen. An eight grader, can you believe that? He tells me he has his laptop on his lap, surrounder by junk food. He never exercises or take a break. His report card is unbelievable. He used to be A @CAPS3 student. Now he's in a dump. @PERSON2 does not listen to his mom at all. @PERSON1, @ORGANIZATION2's, mom says ""he locks himself in his room, goes straight to his laptop, and starts eating. You can even hear him munching the junkfood."" And we wonder why our kids are getting obese there days. It used to be about jobs, but now it's about who you meet on a computer. Myspace, facebook, twitter, you name it, is how the crime rates are increasing now. The people behind these pictures and profiles @MONTH1 not be who you think they are. Especially, miners who lie about their age. They're the ones who fall for those perverted old men. That is one way our sex offenders get a way around. They can use someone's name and be underover. They tell these young girls to meet them places and that's how our young girls, and boys, gets kidnapped, rapped, and end-up killed. A computer holds millions of ways criminals can commit a crime. Do you want your child to be next? Computers these days, are used in the wrong ways, by the wrong people. Kids are never outside again. They are getting obese. And it's a way they get kidnapped. Don't allow this. Get your child(ren) away from their laptops now! Go on a family vacation, somewhere fun. And don't let these sick-minded people get to you or your kids. Take action now!"