"Dear @CAPS1, Computers have really made an impact on society. Some people, think they have made a good impact while others think the opposite. I believe that they are a good thing in our lives and have made a drastic, but great impact. Some reasons that support my opinion are that computers are basically what helps us keep in touch with people, they make it very easy to find needed information and they make our school lives faster and much simpler. First of all, computers are pretty much how people keep in touch. There are many ways you can keep in touch over computers. Tere is video-chatting, e-mail and chat websites such as @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 etc. There are many people that really enjoy having the ability to keep in touch this way. It is a step up from talking on the phone. On the computer if you are web-chatting, you can not only talk to them, but you can see them! When it comes to chatting websites such as @CAPS2, there are millions of people who belong to this incredible website and love it. Kids and adults really enjoy having access to something like this. For me, since I moved to @STATE1 and had to leave all my friends behind, the computers has saved some of my relationships that I thought I would lose but didn't want to. I can e-mail my friends, and even see what they look like and how much they have changed on @CAPS2. Computers are a very helpful piece of technology that have helped me, and so many other people keep in touch. Another important reason computers are a wonderful technology item is because they make it so easy to find needed information. From what a word means, to the directions to get to @LOCATION1, the computer can help with all of this. I talked to my mom and she said. ""Computers just make @CAPS6 all of the information I need to knew about your brother's diabetes so easy."" @CAPS6 information in books can take so long. You have to go to the library or a bookstore, find the book you need with the correct information, and then you have to read through the whole book to find the information needed. On a computer, you can just google what you need to find, and read the article or map, etc. Computers have made @CAPS6 information a breeze and everyone loves how simple it is! The last reason that supports my opinion is that computers make our school lives faster and much simpler to deal with. In school, there are times when we need to write a very lengthy composition, and it will take forever to write. With a computer, typing up the composition would probably take around half the time of writing the composition. I took a survey of three kids that typed a composition and three kids that wrote it. I asked each of the kids how long it took them. The kids that wrote the paper said it took them around two hours. The kids that typed the composition said it took them around an hour. Also, when things are typed, they are usually easier to read which makes it easier for teachers to grade, and won't take as long. Computers make school easier for students and teachers. The opinion that computers are not a benefit to society just doesn't make sense. Yes, I know that there can be some disadvantages. But think of all the advantages compared to the disadvantages. There are a lot more good than bad things. Without computers, people would be incredibly stressed, and have a hard time making life easier. Computers are an amazing benefit to society. Everyone should agree with this because people stayin touch because of computers, computers make it very easy to find information that needed, and they make our school lives aint easier and faster for students and teachers. Computers have made an extremely large impact and changed our ways of life for the better!"