"Dear Newspaper, Have you notice that now a days more and more people are becoming overweight? Well its true. People say that it is because of eat a lot of fast food but I think that since we are always on the computer and not excersing helps contribute to it. Also as the technology is getting better it is keeping people from going outside and enjoying the beautiful nature. Sitting infront of the computer isn't going to help our environment. Lastly, kids aren't getting out of their house to interact with friends and family because technology has been able to let us communicate without leaving our house. @CAPS1 not saying that we should downgrade our technology, but we need to find a way limit it. To start on with, technology has a role in the increasing rate of obesity. Some @MONTH1 say that people chose not to excerise but if we limit things then they won't have to chose. As a kid myself, I love to be on the computer. My parents are always trying to get the computer and take the dogs for a walk and I always say ""@CAPS1 busy"" @CAPS2 its true, I don't really like to go outside because I have a computer to play games or talk to friends and to be honest excersing to me seems important but I don't do it because I'm always on the computer. I think that other people could feel this way so thats why we need to limit the computer. Secondly, global warming is occuring right now and people would rather be inside on the computer then go outside and enjoy the nature. @CAPS2, you @MONTH1 be able to look up ways to stop global warming, but does it mean you are going to really do it? Some @MONTH1 not because they could just stay on the computer and keep ""@CAPS3 up"" ways to help another things is that when we use our computers, we use electricity, which adds to global warming so it we limit the use of computers then people could go enjoy nature and not destroy it. Lastly, internet sites like myspace, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, etc have allowed us to communicate with friends and family but we are still not able to get out and interact with them. When we get out and interact with our friends we gain like communication teamwork and respect friend and family can teach you this with them the computer they can't. Also interacting with your family and friend @MONTH1 let you go in new places that you haven't been before and on the computer you can't go there. Interacting with friends & family is better than talk thru the computer. In conclusion if we stay on the computer then we won't get excerise enjoy nature or interact with friends. So we need to act now limit compute usage!"