"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I think that people spend way too much time on the computer these days. They get less exercise. Don't get to enjoy the nature around them, and they don't get to interact with their family and friends! If people stop spending so much of their day on the computer, then they wouldn't be having too many issues. People need to spend less time on computers, and spending more time exercising! Computers all over the world do not involve much interaction with any part of your body other than your hands. You don't tend to want to get up or do anything else when you're on your computer, right? Well that needs to change. Often, peolple get cranky while they are using a computer or if they need to get off of one. Some people are so obsessed, they might even break down and have a fit! Nobody want's to see someone throw a fit because they have to get off the computer do they? If they don't get exercise anytime when you're not on a computer it can deffinately shows. Jimmy @CAPS2 syas, ""@CAPS3 @NUM1 kids are on their computers way to much! They never come out of their rooms, and if they ever do, then they are normally very cranky. They're getting fat! I can tell because all they eat is junk food. This needs to "" @CAPS4 can't even have a little of time with his children. They should go on a family trip and enjoy together! That brings us in next issue. We all need to enjoy nature more. Why would you spend your time on a computer looking of pictures of nature when you have it right there in your . It's because kids are too lazy to get off their lazy and go outisde. The best thing about nature is that if you are  about need to be alone or even just need to get , nature is always there for you anytime you need it. You can laways go otside with your friends and family too!. I'm sure that they would apreciate people getting off their computers to spend some quality time together. Yet again, our next and final issue. Computer obsessed teenagers and adults need to be with their family and friends. When talking to your friends why bother talking to them on the computer when you can just get together and go do something fun? ALso, when you spend time with your family, it brings them a lot closer toy ou. Nobody likes to not talk to the people you love and the people who reised you. When you're on a computer I just think of all the places you could , place you could be with. Nobody wants to be distant from their friends and family. Therefore, people should turn off their computers, go exercise, be around nature and have some quality time with their friends and family. Thank you"