"Dear NewsPaper @CAPS1, Have you ever taken into consideration how much an effect technology has on our society? Well, for numerous people, computers are their lives. They help adults stay in contact with their friends. Also, it gives users usefull information about anything you can think of. Computers are a great tool to help us with our lives, they help us learn skills for later in life. People who use computers do not spend too much time on them, we need them to live a good life. For example, the internet has many websites that keep people in touch. There are countless sites and to name a few, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, the list goes on and on. Many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away as time goes on. With computers, you can chat with each other all night. In @CAPS4, it is also a convienient way to contact friends if they live in different places around the @LOCATION1. Moreover, computers are chock full of information. If a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they would enjoy and book a flight there. Also, if a student needed to do a report and was not able to go to the library, he/she would be able to use the computer to get the info for the report. Lastly if someone had an ailment and didn't know it was serious enough for a visit to the doctors office, they could look it up on the internet. they also have many sites for that sole purpose such as @ORGANIZATION2. Lastly, computer users learn valuable skills that these who don't will never have. Just knowing how to work one is an important skill but there are many features computers have that will help when a job or in college. For instance, making a power point for jobs or just slideshows of a party in your back yard. In @CAPS4 , typing is a valuable skill that most jobs nowadays require. And using the computer fine tunes hand-eye coordination. Although some @MONTH1 say that staring at a screen all day isn't healthy, @CAPS5 of @CAPS6.S.A citizens say using the computer is healthy for their social lives and we should use it in moderation. Computers are amazing tools if used properly and in moderation. The time has come to tell the people computers are usefull to society. They help social lives, teach us skills and, give us information on countless topics. People need them to have an enjoyable life. So, write an article regarding the need for the use of computers @DATE1 and notify the people they are making the right decision by using them. "