"@CAPS1 you want people to be over weight? @CAPS1 you wat our beautifal out doors to be ruined? And @CAPS1 you want familys to be distant because they are to pre @CAPS2? Statistics show that @PERCENT2 of familys dont talk because they are to preocupied with computar games. The issue to grapple with is @CAPS1 computars have an affect on people. Yes, I think that computars have a negitive affect on people based on the following reasons. People spent to much time on the computar and dont get enought exersize, they dont enjoy the nature that we have, and they dont inter act with there family and friends. People spent to much time on the computar and dont get enough exersize. Statistics show that @PERCENT3 of people that are over weight spend more time on the computar than on the track. I remember a time when I was over weight be cause I spent to much time on the computar. One day my mom took the computar ant threw it out the window and I had no chioce but to go outside and get some exersize. @CAPS1 you want kids to be over weight like I was? Many people dont get to enjoy the great out doors because they are to preocupied with the computar. Lisa, a volentere worker in @LOCATION1, says This feild used to be a vast array of plants and animal life, but now it is a waste land because of computars. No one had the time to worry of the natural wonder because they were to @CAPS2 with there computar animated jobs and didnt care what came of it. @CAPS1 you want this to happen to our country? @PERCENT4 of high technological places are dirty with very little plant life because the workers need to tend to the computars rather than the bushes. Some familys have a hard time talking about their dayly lifes becuse they spendin to much time on the computar and dont spend the time to talk and get to know each other. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 ofdevorces are related to not being able to have aconversation and with more technoligy on the way that number will grow. I remember that my parents got devorced because my dad spent more time on the computar than talking to me or my mom. Most people think that computars are good for research. Yes, but you are still cooped up in the house insted of in a big library with all the information you need. I think that computars have a negitive impact on people."""