"Many people debate on whether on net computers have negative effects on them @CAPS1 believe have negative effects on them @CAPS1 believe computers are an asset to society because you can access almost anything. That is the problem. The content on computers is affilicted upon everyone that sees it, Computers also don't help people get healthir, anf if you need to research something books are more help than the internet. For starter, the contents on computers and the internet are too much for people and society. @CAPS4 I'm saying is way too much can be accessed on the internet. Derrogatory and pornagraphic websites harm people the @CAPS1 especially @ORGANIZATION1 and teens. Chinese government officials have cut off access to the @CAPS1 dangerous websites. Chinese readers started ""@CAPS3 belive the things that are easily accessed on computers are poisoning the minds of the youth."" The internet and computers are  waiting to explode and invade the minds of everybody. Secondly, computers aren't metally from computers but physically unstable also. Computers offer of games for @ORGANIZATION1 to play. These games start off fun but they become habits. Don't get me away though games can be fun but when a child plays a game for hours a day there is a problem. The problem is that kids are not getting enough of the exercise they need. Studies performed by the @ORGANIZATION1  know that @PERCENT1 of child who play computer generated games are overweight. Therefore I believe games are harmful habit to young @ORGANIZATION1. Lastly, many people do research on the internet. but some facts are actually @CAPS4 im getting is that no one need a computer to look up or do research on projects. Instead go to a library. Many find books boring but it will help in the long . I remember a time when i had a project dure for @PERSON1's in @NUM1 grade on @LOCATION1. I looked up information on the internet instead of using a book just to learn that the facts were actually highly in accurate . Therefore, never depend on the internet as a source of research. from derragatory content, to unhealthy youth, to innacurate research. Computers are not assets to society but issues. In my opinion i believe computers are actually doing more harm than good to everbody that uses them."