"Dear State legistator, @CAPS1 you live back a long time ago when there were no computers. The only diffrence now is the technology is there but you are not allowed to use it. Do you think your job would be harder. I deffidently think that computers are making your job and everyone elses lifes easier. With the computer it teaches hand-eye cordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places, and it gives people the ability to talk to each other. I belive the @CAPS4 technology of the computer is defidently helping out society. To start, computers are helping many people with their hand eye coordination. As you know hand eye coordination is necsicarry for a good driver. The @CAPS4 statistics that came out from “@CAPS2 drivers.com” the rate of accidents has decreased over the past ten years. In fact it decraced over @PERCENT1. With all the computer games that they have for young kids it is improving kids hand eye coordination. Starting at a young age. With the games like “@CAPS3” a majority of kids are ridding bikes skiing or snow boarding by five years old. All of these activities require very good hand eye coordination. Lastly , the resources that help with hand eye coordination are being used to help special-ed students get better at simple tasks at a faster pase. Secondly the world wide web is teaching people of all ages about places that are located thousands of miles away from their homes. Something that I personaly use my computer for is to research a location and find history on it before I go on vacation to that place. The computers in our school has helped our classes in social studies. My teacher @PERSON1 said that he has been grading more strictly often and the grades are still up by @PERCENT2 on computer and internet research projects. I should also add in that using the computers our school is in communication with a school in @LOCATION1. Once a week we email our pen-pa. the computers have deffidently helped my schools curriculum. Finally, computers are letting people of all ages talk to buisness partners, friends etc. The social networking sites have kept @PERCENT3 of friends in touch found in “@CAPS4-tech” magazine. I should also add in it has reconected @PERCENT4 of friends from high school all due to the computer. Another form of online talking is vidio chatting which many people are now using for buissness meetings instead of spending the money to fly to the location of their meeting. Now, for one day you should track how many hours you are on the computer for your job. I can bet the number is going to be about @PERCENT5 of the time you are in you office. The computers have with hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about places far away from home, and lets people talk to each other online. So do me a favor state legislator relize and come to terms how much society needs the computer."