"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 years computers didn't exist, but now many people are having internet in their homes. But to some, the effect its giving on the people is negative. However, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people in many ways. Such as, the internet allows people to keep in touch, gives them technology skills to prepare them @CAPS1 more hi-tech jobs; and allows them to find and learn about new things. Dont you think computers help society? People live in all parts of the world, and those that are lucky get to meet a lot of people from different places in the country. But, you can't talk on the phone due to long-distance calls; so with a computer people don't have to lose touch! Its quite easy @CAPS1 people to talk with others from anywhere without having to actually see them. Computers are an easy way to stay in touch with family, too. Therefore, people can talk to their distant relatives from all over when you don't even have to go visit them. Having a computer helps people to keep distant friends and family close in touch. Lets face it, the world is relying more and more on technology and computers. But, if young people start using computers sooner then in life it will make it easier to get a better job. Lots of jobs ask @CAPS1 technological skills in order to be hired; so having a computer when younger automatically prepares young adults @CAPS1 life. Besides that, there is a computer injust about every work place that is up-to-date; restaurants, hotels, retail stores. and even in construction business. Nevertheless, computer skills aren't just a good skill to have; they are a necessary skill. Last, Computers are a faster and easier way to find new things and learn more about different topics. Instead of looking through various books and encyclopedias @CAPS1 researching, why not search the topic? Although, the computer and internet shouldn't completely replace books, it is a valuable researching tool. Someone that has never been to the pyramids could easily just research the pyramids and see amazing pictures, ancient history on them, and learn so much. Computers can help you learn so much about the world without having to leave your house. Now is the time to make your decision on whether or not you think computers are giving a positive effect on people. @CAPS1 the reasons of keeping intouch, giving"