"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 the men and women who write everyday for a living, I would like @CAPS2 you were to write rection on computers. They teach @LOCATION3 faraway places, help build hand-eye coordination, and let @LOCATION3 talk online. Computers are part of everyday life and needs to be told about. First, computer let @LOCATION3 learn about faraway places without leaving the rooms. One of my mom's friends, They decide to move to @LOCATION2 she didn't like computer so didn't look at @LOCATION2's laws saying, I'll find out when I got there. ""@CAPS2 did find out the laws she didn't find enough cause cause she was arrested multiple times in her first few years. A few monthes after her last arrest she came back to the @LOCATION3 where she could deal with the laws. @LOCATION2 is a buetifull country and all of arrests were accidents because she didn't know the laws. Ten minutes on computer searching the laws in @LOCATION2 could have kept her in @LOCATION1. Next, comptures improve hand-eye coordination. From a survey @PERCENT1 of children that spend more time on computers are better at tennis, and at baseball then others. @PERSON3, a gym teacher at the @ORGANIZATION2 says, ""@CAPS3 of these kids that spend time on the compture are weak and need to get some exercise.Dear local newpaper: @CAPS1 you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say how you feel about the effects computers give to people. I believe that computers give great effects to people because it teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places, and it allows you to talk to people. In all, @PERCENT2 of people agree with my idea about computers. Firstly, using computers teaches people about hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer. This is because she types and researches information all day long. In all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more. Secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places. @PERSON2 from @ORGANIZATION1 quotes, ""I always use computers for my work because it helps me learn about many new things. @CAPS5, it lets my wife and I search details about a trip we want to go on."" @CAPS5, the people agree with what @PERSON2 stated. However, people @MONTH1 say that computers give the wrong information many times, but @CAPS2 you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you. Thirly, @CAPS2 you use computers it will let you talk online or video chat with friends or family all over the world. How this benefits you is because @CAPS2 you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat. It has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way. @CAPS5, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat. Lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important. In conclusion, you will have great eye coordination, you will be able to research faraway places, and you will always be allowed to video chat or talk to family online. @CAPS5, I want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem. Lastly, you will have the best feeling ever @CAPS2 you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot! From so many students having greater hand-eye cooridination they will enjoy what their good at like tennis. @PERSON1, a professor of the human body at @ORGANIZATION1 states ""Technology helps hand-eye. Many who use computers more than others to be greater at @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and games along those lines."" This shows how hand-eye and exercise is linked to computer. Furthermore, computers help @LOCATION3 talk with other people. When a child goes to college they will still be able to email their famlies and talk to them. Talking with others by computers makes the world go round. World business need computers to contact eachother to decuss plans on how to move toward economicly. Lastly, computers are useful and should be useful more. They teach @LOCATION3 of faraway places, improve hand-eye coordnation, and let @LOCATION3 talk to other people. @CAPS2 an article is made to show the pros or computers, more people will experience the wonders of them."