"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 on a beautiful sunny day, people inside on their computers instead of enjoying the weather. This is what could happen if people are using them. I believe that computers have a bad effect on people because their communication skills will drop, people won't get enough exercise & their health can be imnarred. As i mentioned, everyone who is using a computer on a daily basis, will drop their communication skills.. People enter chat rooms not knowing who they are talking to. For example, if i logged onto & chat room, someone might ask for personal information such as where you live, your phone number & your name. This could lead to things such as kidnaping & even rape. Also, interactions with family members & friends @MONTH1 decrease. You can be playing a computer game, online, or going on youtube to watch random videos of people. You tube in said to be a dangerous site for younger children. Kids could go under history to go to a website they were recently on when click the wrong one bringing them inapropiate website. Finally, teenagers and adults go onto facebook & twitter. Some @MONTH1 say these sites @MONTH1 change the social interactions, but it really isn't. Kids & adults are constantly getting addicted to it. Also telling people what you are doing every moments of your day everyday is kind of unreal. People don't need to know when you do things in your day i have keep up this our communication skills are sure to decrease. Secondly, exersice is a problem. Doctors say that @PERCENT1 of their parents are obeise or over weight according to @ORGANIZATION1. Kid just sit at home & play computer games such as sims @NUM1 & video chat with their friends instead of hanging out with them. No one really goes for walks any more either. Also, people don't go out & enjoy nature like the you. @PERSON1, a state @LOCATION1 from @LOCATION1 in @LOCATION2 said, ""each year the number of people are getting fewer & fewer. Preety soon all parks are going to have to get closed down."" @CAPS2 don't want this to happen, do you? I know i would not. Our generations are just becoming more technology enhanced. Finally, more & more people are becomeing unhealthy. A person's eye sight is most likely to drop if they are on the computer everyday. My aunt is required to use her computer everyday at work. She went to her eye doctor because her vision was become weaker. One of the first questions he aske was, do you use a computer on a daily basis? she answered yes. He said she would need cataraks eye surgery. This was all in result of using a computer. Finally, you could get althritis in your hands & fingers from typing & using the mouse all the time. Many people at the age of fourty are probaly going to need hand surgeries from all the work the do, likes! As you can see technology is harming your communication skills, exersice & you health. I bet you don't want your future generations like this. So take a part & contact your local newspaper today."