"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, experts have been concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers, which is harmful to their health. They are wrong. Computers help people communicate, learn, and even provide entertainment. For these reasons, computers are good. Computers help people communicate with their family and friends, Some people @MONTH1 think that phones are better than computers for communication purposes, but computers are more long distance, and you will never get a busy signal. Some phone services are very expensive, and cost even more money for long distance calling. With a computer, though, you can send emails all around the globe... at no extra cost. Also, with a computer, you never get put on hold or hear a busy signal. You simply send your message, then do whatever you want while you wait for a reply. Computers help educate people, too. Many people take classes, especially college level classes, online. In fact, about half of the people taking college classes right now... aren't even in a school! This can help many people who are working most of the day, because they can get their degree in their. Also, computers can help people with the little things such as, ""where's the nearest @ORGANIZATION1"" or ""how much does something cost."" Computers can ever help people plan a vacation, or learn about a country on the other side of the earth. Computers can also provide entertainment for people. People who need something to cheer them up can watch a funny video with the click of a button. Someone who is feeling bored could play one of countless games that have been created, and range from pointless to addicting, from tiny to massive. For all those @CAPS4 lovers out there, the computer is an alternative. An alternative where songs don't cost money, and neither do music videos. Of course, computers don't fit in your pocket, but there's always a laptop. Based on what you just read, it should be easy to see that computers improve people's lives because they provide education, communication and entertainment."