"Dear @ORGANIZATION2 (our local newspaper), @CAPS1 has come to my attention that more and more people have begun to use computers. This is a great advancement in our society! Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. @ORGANIZATION1, computers are making a great impact! Firstly, computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination. This is useful in daly life all the time! Statistics show that sports players who own computers are @PERCENT1 more talented at things requiring their hands (like baseball or basket ball) than those who do not own computers. Owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too. Something as simple as driving a car doing the dishes is made easier thanks to the improvement in hand-eye coordination computers bring. This is a fantastic effect that computers have on people. In addition to the hand-eye coordination computers teach, they also help you learn about faraway places and people. This splendid information is easier to aquire thanks to the technowlogy of computers. ""@CAPS2 I didn't use my laptop for my @CAPS3 @CAPS4 report,"" says @PERSON1, and @NUM1 grade student, "" I would never finish. Books take so long and I learned so much about my topic from my computer!"" @CAPS2 you are going on vacation, You can easily research your destination's location and culture with this advanced search engine. Why wouldn't you use a computer when you learn so much from them? Finally, computers have a positive effect on people because they help them communicate with each other. They have lots of ways to video chat, @CAPS6 message, and even speak aloud to the person you want to communicate with. ""I had to move away from my best friend last @DATE1,"" says @PERSON3, resident of @LOCATION1, ""With my computer we can still talk to each other and stay friends."" computers are definatly a great way to communicate with friends and family. Computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people; and even allow people to talk online with each other. So, @PERSON2, the increasing number of computer users is a beautiful thing! Ask yourself this, how would computers have a positive effect in your life?"