"Mom!!! Did you know that the human body has only one liver!!!, @CAPS1 I didn't where did you find out, on the computer. I recently heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, and enjoying nature. I dont think that they should be concerned because the computer leave's people with an open mind and teach people new thing. So the computer does a lot for people, give's them the chance to learn new thing, a chance to chat with friends far away, and also expand your mind of travel. Computers can do a lot for a person's life of know'lleage. Just yesterday I found out that the human body can not survive without its liver. The computer also helped me with my strugle's in math, even though that's what the teacher is for she is not always their, like when I am home or away on vacation and I just want to remember so thing's in math. Its also help's people who want to know new launage's such as @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4. So you see a computer has a big affect on a person's life. Two days ago I did a video chat with my grandparents back in @LOCATION2 it was great. After six year's not seeing my grandparents they really changed, and I was starting to forget what they looked like. I never knew that a computer could do a video chat from so far away I was surprised. I dont know why you experts are so concerned about computer taking away people's live's look what it has done for my family. I know that if one of you experts family member went away for a long time you would miss them and want to talk. Some people's love to video chat like people in the army because they get the chance to see their love one's. A two-way ticket to @LOCATION3, To see all those beautiful sight's and taste their wonderful food's look at that waterfall where is that, In @LOCATION4, @LOCATION1 now I have to go their. The computer has shone me places that I have neve sene before. The computer is a wonderful thing. So dont be concerned about us and what we do on the computer. In conclusion dont listen to the experts they dont know what their talking about, for all we know they use the computer more than we do. The compute can touch you new thing, give you the chance to chat with family and friends far away, and open your mind on travel. The computer is not a bad thing all it's doing is making life a little better step by step."