"Computers are becoming a household item in the @LOCATION1 and around the world. There is a problem through, because some people believe that computers don't benefit society. In my opinion, computers are a @CAPS9 thing for our everyday lives. The internet allows us to communicate with friends, family, and more people around the globe! Its various programs help keep files and other things of that nature organized and updated. Finally, computers are a @CAPS9 resource when researching for projects, reports, homework, or anything else that requires information to complete. The world is a large place with many people, places, regions, and countries. Families sometimes move far away from their families and friends, so they want to keep in contact. Post is a very slow and costly service, while the internet is cheaper and quicker! IM's, @CAPS1 @CAPS2, use one of these fast and cheap ways. They allow you to send a message and receive a message on any day, at anytime, in any place with little of no hassle involved. Another way is to use websites like @CAPS3 and @CAPS4, which allow you to update your ""status"" on your wall so everyone on your friends list can see or comment on. The final and last way is by using a webcam, which enables you to see the person on the other end of the ""call"" and you can also hear their voices. This is the best way, in my opinion, because instead of sending text and pictures they can explain everything in their own way with no limit on how much they can say. Many people have noticed that the world is not an organized place. Computers help organize it with their many applications and programs like @ORGANIZATION1 apps, @CAPS5, and document folders. @ORGANIZATION1 is a chain of apps for everything from writing documents to making spreadsheets to making presentations and even to making fliers for special events. These apps are the basic to starting up a business or promoting an invention. @CAPS5 mainly centers on keeping information stored an organized in files however you wish and is @CAPS9 for quick access to them. My parents and other adults I know always say ""organization is the key to success"", so @CAPS5 definetly helps. The final and most basic way that computers help for organization are document folders. These little things come in handy when you need to save something quickly bu want to keep it organized. All you have to do is name it, click save, and bada bing bada boom you're done! Most importantly, computers come in handy when researching for projects or something else that requires lots of up-to-date information. Books will take a few days and you only have @NUM1 days to research, create, and organize your project and data. What are you gonna do now? You could hand it in late, but then you'll yet in trouble. Here is where the fast and reliable internet comes in if you need to know the difference between @PERSON2 and @PERSON1, use the search engine @ORGANIZATION2. If you have a question about the @CAPS7 @CAPS8, use @LOCATION2. Anything at all that you @MONTH1 need is at the tips of your fingers, with a little help from your computer and internet of course. In conclusion, I would like to state that computers aren't a good thing for society, they are a @CAPS9 thing for civilization! From communicating with friends and family around the world to organizing our everyday lives and helping us research important topics, the internet and computers are a @CAPS9 way to help out our lives in my opinion. Wouldn't you agree with me?"