"Dear Readers of the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 you imagine life without your computer? No? Well that's what I am trying to change. Millions of @CAPS2 spend countless hours with their eyes glued to '@ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION3 and @CAPS3 monitor screens. Spending that much time sitting in one space isn't healthy, not only do people not get enough exercise but they don't get the chance to apperiate the natural world around them that is ever changing. Teens and even small children get lost in cyberworld and don't use their after school time wisely to study or do homework. The internet is also a dangerous place and the growing computer use with maximize the problem. To begin, the obesity rate in @LOCATION1 is growing rapidly, a recent study done by the @LOCATION2. goverment shows that @NUM1 people are over weight and @NUM2 people are on the of obesity. We @CAPS4 could decrease the obesity rate and be healthier and happier by exersicing and getting out more. Spending all your time glued to a computer screen will only increase your chances of becoming over weight. Secondly, the more time you spend cooped up inside the less time you get to enjoy nature. The natural world is ever changing, and you will miss out on a lot of amazing opportunities if you hardly ever step foot outside your front door. Execive comouter use will wear them out quicker than normal, where does your old word out computer go when you get the @ORGANIZATION2? A landfill! The more your use your computer the faster you will trash it. If every @CAPS5 threwout one computer a year their would be over @NUM3 million discarded dells, gateways, macs, we would be living in trash. @CAPS1 exesive computer use ruins the environment, and hurts your health! What are you waiting for? Go run outside! Ride a bike! Give your computer a break. Finally, the growing computer use increases the amount of internet predetors, and the odds that you or your child could be tougeled skyrocket. With more and more kids on the computer each okey the, internet saftey level drops. Not only could these children be watching inappopriate videos on youtube or cyber bulling on @CAPS6, they could be giving personal information out to people they don't even know without realizing it on myspace and facebook, @PERCENT1 of kiddnappings are possible because of information found on the computer. Do you want any thing like that ever to happen to you or your family? I didn't think so. Get up off of your comfy computer chairs and take a walk. Limit your internet and computer use, all it does is hurt you, theres no gain. Thank you for reading and don't support rapid advances in computer technology."