"Dear Local Newspaper, more and more people are getting hooked on computers. I am here to say that computers are not the best way to benefit our society. First off, most @CAPS1 are spending less time with friends/family and more time looking through a screen. Also, it would be so much better for our bodies and minds to go out and enjoy nature instead. Lastly, you can get addicted to the computer. So here are my reasons why computers do not benifit our society. My first reason includes friends and family. more and more people are neglecting to spend time with their loved ones to get to the next level on '@CAPS2 wars.' @CAPS3 this really how we want our future generations growing up, looking blankly at computer screens? I know I don't want that. I lknow this from personal experience. When I was young, I visited my cousin @PERSON1. All I would get to see of him was a quick '@CAPS4', but then held escape to his room to continue clicking angry on the computer. The point @CAPS3 you can't replace family and friends with a computer screen. It's not right. My next argument against computers @CAPS3 about our bodies and minds. The best way to take care of those things @CAPS3 nature. Unfortunately most @CAPS1 aren't getting outside for a wack of exercise due to computers. In fact almost @NUM1 @CAPS1 say they spend more time on the computer than anywhere else. This @CAPS3 not a good way to spend time. We need to solve this issue before more @CAPS1 make the switch from nature to computers. Fresh air, trees and birds are much better than a screen, a couple clicks, and the hum of a machine. My third and final reason @CAPS3 about addiction. So many people are getting adicted to the things they are finding on their computers. Addiction @CAPS3 a very sericuse matter that we need to fix. All of this @CAPS3 pointing to lazyness too from lack of intrest to anything else. I know this from personal experience. When my brother first got his computer he literally locked himself in his room for days. All he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score on a game. This @CAPS3 not the way to be treating a device. So, as I know you can all see computers don't have a positive impact on our society. First of all computer @CAPS3 over ruling family and friends. Also, nature @CAPS3 becoming less and less of a priority with the computer in mind. Lastly it's becoming a worldwide addiction. Thank you for deeply considering all the arguments that I have to offer. I know it majorly helps people keep in touch globaly, but there are other ways to do it, such as mail."