"Dear Newspaper, I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe this because we can talk to people in different countries in a quarter of a second, we can send e-mails to other people, and finally we can go to @LOCATION1, ask @CAPS1 question and get an instant reply. First, we can talk to people in different countries. Did you ever have a relative go on vacation in a foreigh country and have no way of calling them to see if everything is okay? Lets say for instance that they brought their laptops but for at their cellphones. Then, the only way we can contact them is by e-mail. Even if your just happens in you can keep in touch through email. You can even a computer so you can video chat, and not have to wait to get your reply. Next, we can send e-mails to other people. Have you ever set somebody a letter by mail and had to wait two to three days for a reply? Sometimes, your letter is even lost, and these is no way of finding out. Well with e-mail, the wait time of your reply depends on how fast the person whom you are talking to types and most people I know can type a reply in @NUM1 to @NUM2 seconds. I believe that is a from two to three cars. With e-mail those is an eghty three percent chance that your email will not be lost. If for some reason it is lost, there will be a message sent to you telling you that your message was lost and that you need to sent a new message. But most likely chances are that your message wil reach its destination. can go to @LOCATION1, ask @CAPS1 question and get an instant reply. Were you ever wondering about something and the answer was on the tip of your tongue but you just cant think of it? If so you probably would be smart to go to @LOCATION1. You can ask @CAPS1 question and get an instant reply. And I mean @CAPS1 question you can ask questions from wat the price of is in @LOCATION2, to what an is. If you wanted to you could ask math questions as well, such as what is the square root of pi, and what is @NUM3. From @LOCATION1 to myspace the internet is full of information that can have a positive effect on people. This is why I think that the has a positive effect on people, we can talk to people different countries we can send e-mails, and we can ask all sorts of questions."