"I think that computers do benefit us. They allow us to interact with people, talk to family far away, help us with school, gives us easy access to information, and much more people usually have family and friends who live away from each other and the computer allows us to interact with them. The computer lets us email and instant message them, play games against them, be their friend on websites like facebook so you can see recent pictures of them. It's not easy to interact with family and friends who live so far away and the internet allows us to do that. The computer doesn't just let you talk to family and friends but it lets you meet new people and interact with new people from all over the world. It let's you make new friends and play games with them or chat. The computer really helps you to just stay in touch with other people and it's a very easy and convinent way to do so. The next thing the computer helps us with is it entertains us. Children are very hiper and after homework is done, we don't have anything to do so the computer let's us play games on it, chat with friends, watch movies and videos, up load picture, etc. It does alot for us. Kids could hang out after school but if they can go on the computer it allows them want to go home where their parents know that their safe and away from drugs, alcohol, and other bad things they can get into. Just because kids like the computer, that doesn't mean that that's the only thing they do. Kids are very athletic, always playing sports and always hiper but the computer helps that go away. They go to school for hours, then go to basketball or football practice, sometimes we just need a break. The computer isn't always fun but it's very useful. The computer helps us with school. It allows us to type essays and projects. It also allows us easy information to help write the essays. Websites like google and bing are easy websites to help us get good and accurate information about whatever the topic is that we are doing. The computer is very useful when it comes to school. As you can see, the computer is very important in our lives and makes life alot easy and it's your choice how much you want to spend on it. But no matter what, the computer definatly benefits us."