"Now-a-days the technological industries are taking over the modern soceity and are captivating users making them virtually addicted. What good is that? These indulged in the online world are less interactive and showed more signs of depression in recent studies. Also if you are sitting around on the computer all day you aren't burning calories so you are gaining unnecessary weight that could easily be prevented. Going to the library is just as useful if not more useful than going on the internet. lastly, have you thought of the damaging affects, trojans, cyber bullying, violence? In other words, computers are just a negative waste of good money. Families are becoming less and less connected with each other, who's to blame. It's that big book of technology on your desk. Rather than socializing and just spending time with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butts talking and gaming away. They are teaching our family apart."" @CAPS1 one @LOCATION1 man on her two tennage children's computer obsession. ""I swear they're on that thing for hours on end"" she claims. In an artical I was reading the other day it said that most people who suffer depression admitted to being online for atleast @NUM1 hours per day. What does all of this go to show? Computers are abuse take them out of your child's life, or atleast limit them. Studies prove that @PERCENT1 of people who spend most of their day surfing the web have either over-weight or just on the boarderline of being over-wright. Rather than going into the real world and experiencing life for themselves, they look it up online and rely on other people's opinions. Does this mean anything to you? People who are overweight have a higher risk of aging, and if not, then they have some pretty health problems. All because they didn't want to breath like. When in a library environment people tend to be more and more on task. You @MONTH1 ask yourself the answer is simply that the is too expansive and distracting. If you are in the library you can't get in as much trouble, you can't play online games, or even be looking at things that are innappropriate. Libraries hae more credible sources and reliable information to study from. Not to mention you can go with a family, friend of even be tutored. Computers dont provide that. Going to the library is such a better solution. I must admit, I was before a computer addict, and believe me the effects it has on people are atracious. Now that I've moved on from that period of my life I can honestly say, the addictive grasp it has on you is strong I know. I also know first hand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug per say. I am more sociable than ever and im dealing with issues much better. I am @NUM2 pounds and in the best shape of my life and I even made by school's cheer team. I often go to the library to study and I must say, im very proud of who I've become. I was spending around @NUM3 hours online and getting on sleep. If I can do it you can tool my name is @CAPS2 and im a computer addiction survivor."""