"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 look at advances in technology over the years and can tell what an influence it has had on current day and people. The question is, are these advances for the better? Or will they take a turn for the worst? Today i will be talking to you about technology, and why i think its benefitting society poorly. With people spending less time excercising and enjoying nature, leaving ther social life behind by constanly being on the computer, they dont realize how much they're hurting themselves. The number of obese people especially in children, increases each day. This is caused by lack of excersize because some people are too busy responding to texts, talking on the phone and playing unneeded video games. Not only are they physically harming themselves, but they are definitley missing out on the wonderful aspects of mother nature! Why not get out for a little, escape the technology prison cell you've all been reeled into. The @ORGANIZATION1 is one of the most beautifuly countries in the world, take advantage that! Now, without proper excersize, your putting you heart at serious risks. Even doing smaller things, like jumping jacks or cuntups, can help make you and you heart healthy! Your parents, and even your parents parents, are who brought you into this world, faught for you in times of need, and would do anything to protect you. What would you say if i told you technology was pushing them away? Texting at the dinner table while they are trying to make conversation, never leaving you room because you playing ""fun"" games, hiding behind he face of technology all the things a vast number of people do instead of socializaing with the people who matter most: family and friends. Although your friends @MONTH1 be more easy going they still came that your too busy hanging out with you computer to come meet up with them @CAPS3 single person can live without a friend and that friend needs you! Make some time for the people who have a special place in you heart before they disapper. To sum it up, techology is corrupting the minds of human beings... and it need to stop! like i said be healthy and happy and spend enough time with the people you are about who knows, maybe they an make you happier than your electric companion. So, fellow citizens, leap off that desk chair, shut off your electronic devices, and jump back into the real world."