"Dear @CAPS1, I beleive that using computers is a good thing. They can help you learn about subjects of places you think are interesting you don't know about. They can help save the environment. These are the reasons why I think using computers is a good thing. First, they can help you learn about new subjects. Say you are doing a report for school on the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 of the @CAPS2, but you didn't know any thing about them. You could just go sit at your computer, enter ""@ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 of the @CAPS2"" in a google search, and press enter. There you here hundreds even thousands of entries about the @ORGANIZATION1. You could sit forever and learn all about these magnificent creations. You can learn about any subject on a computer, at anytime. You could even learn about a computer and all of its history! Seond, they can help save the environment. People are always using paper and paper comes from trees. When we cut down trees we are harming our environment. We are depleeting our oxygen supply and destroying habitats of animals and insects. If everybody used computers, we would be using less paper. We could use to send documents and papers, we could bring to tax appointments and pair suits. Computers could even be used for school work. The teacher could asign the homework email it to the student the student could fill it out and email it back. Sure we would still have to use paper for somethings, but we would be using in way less. People could also use less fossil. We could talk via the internet and things like skype to communicate witness waring to and burn. Thirdly, computers could help us advance into the. Computers can help find ways to do many things such as better medical treatments, more efficient travel and even every day life. We could find better ways to treat serious medical conditions with the help of computers. We could find ways to treat cancers and maybe even the common cold. Computers could also hep us find more efficient way. They could help find a mroe efficient feel, efficient of it could help make a teleportation device. It could also help us explore deeper into space and find more planets and galaxies. Computers could also help us with our every day life. When you get up in the @TIME1, imagein being able to screen and being able to have a hot shower, your breakfast and your work equipment all ready within five minutes. That really would be the future of computers. Those are all of any reasons for having computers from school reasearch to space and beyond."