"To whom this @MONTH1 concern Computers are a great source of technology, but many people spend to much time on them. People don't get to see the out-side world because they are to ""busy"" on their computers, and use them to find things or play games that they can do just outside in the fresh air. Computers are and people spend to much time on them instead of having an outdoor experience, exercising, and talk and bonding with their family and friends. First of all, people don't enjoy nature as much as they enjoy their computers. When you're stuck in side school or work, you don't get to go outside and see the natural beauty of nature, so when you get out take @NUM1 minutes or so to go and enjoy the wilderness. You don't have to go outside every day, but once in a while it feels good to get out and explore the world. Expecially when you had a little break and what to be alone, in nature, you can get away and lose your stress. Some @MONTH1 say you can enjoy nature and explore new places online, and yes you wouldn't you want to do it first-hand? You don't get the real experience by just looking at pictures. You have to be their and explore it by yourself. In nature there is always some thing new. Secondly, when you are on your computer, you didn't doing anything your body, you need to go exercise. Fresh air is good for you, you. Spending most of your time on your computer, you don't spend time with your family and friends. Family is the most important thing in your life, and as you get older, the time you have with your family get less and less. You also @MONTH1 see you friends in school or at work everyday but you don't really get to sit and ""catch up"" with each other. Online their are programs where you can chat with friends and family, but wouldn't you want to see them personaly, especially if you don't see them everyweek. It's a better experience and you made many more moments. Just going out far which or even going on a run can give you time with your loved ones. In conclusion, people spend to much time on their computers. They don't get to experience the outside world and the wonders of nature. The more on their computers, the less exercise they get and less fresh air. Family and friends some of the greatest things in your life, dont get to bond with you,. Computers are good for using spread sheets and typing essays, but they aren't good for you to spend all your time on, mailing it, and missing out on the adventures your life will venture through"