"What I am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general. People might say that computers are great to be on its fast and you get what you need but I think computers are not good they become addicting and make your bills every high, computers can lead to your child sending less time with you and your family, also computers can be very danerous for teens and children of all ages. I say that computers are addicting this is a fact @PERCENT1 of students spend most of there time on the computer. Why are computers so addicting well they have instant message you can talk to people around the world. Now I know it might not sound bad but this can be bad for your pocket @PERSON1 who works with electrion bills says that because children spend more time on the computer the bills in house have grown up almost @PERCENT2 and the harder it is for people to pay there bills. Computers are what they say now a days are one of the main reason children spend less time with there family. This is true in most familys like mine because pof computers me and my sisters spend more time on then computer than with each other this can cause argueing and fughting between familys. Statics show that @NUM1 people would rather spend more time on the computer talking to people or listening to music than spend time with there own children or parents. Is this what you want for your you and your children to be separated by tecongly? Computers aren't always safe for teens and children of all ages. There are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens. I say this because sometimes we are worried about are kids safty and when your child is on the computer you have no idea who they are talking to or what they are talking about. Teens are most/likely going to met other people online and there are stalkers, posers, and other people out there that are pretending to be soomeone they are not and your child can be one of those peoples who fall for it and it can lead to meeting someone they might not know and they can be kiddnapped, rapped anyting can happen. Children can be always get hurt by verbal abuse they can be threatened by others and hurt and that can cause emotional damage so be careful and monitor your child. These are just very few things that can happen. These are my reason computers aren't the really benefiting are society."