"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 one day being able to talk to anyone in the world by simple pushing a button. This has became posible with the computer. I support the advances on technology because computer can help hand eye coordination, it is easy to learn about faraway places or people, and the computer enables you to talk online. This is why it support the computer. First, the computer benifits society because it developes hand eye cordination. Did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have improved hand eye coordination. Bill @CAPS2, creator of @ORGANIZATION1, ""The keyboard is the most important part of the computer because it builds hand eye cordination."" This reminds me of when I got my first computer and had no hand eye cordination. @CAPS3 I can type with my eyes closed. I understand how you might think that computers cause people to not get enough exercise, however, the computer can improve your hand eye coordination. This is why I support the computers. Next I support the computer because you can learn about faraway places and people. Did you know that nineteen out of twenty students use a computer when the to learn a place or a person. @PERSON3 stated, ""The way students study is much different than it used to be, @CAPS3 students use computers."" This reminds me of when recently I had a report to do on @PERSON1 and all needed was my computer. I see how you @MONTH1 think that enjoying natures is imprtant, intelegence is even more important . This is why the computer supports our society. Finaly, I support the computer you can talk to the world instantly. Did you know that ninety-nine out of our hundred students talk online to in touuchscreen. @PERSON2, creator of @CAPS4, an instant messaging website, stated, ""@CAPS5 is no doubt that @CAPS4 is the easiest way to stay in touch with , This reminds me of when I went away on vacation and still stayed in touch with my friends through @CAPS4. I understand how exercise is essential to your body, however, talking with friends is important too. This is why I support the computer. In conclusion, I support the computer because it support hand eye coordination, you can learn about faraway places and people, and you can communicate with people around the world. @CAPS3 that you knew why I support the computer @CAPS5 should be no doubt that you will support it."