"Welcome to the @DATE1. In this day in age, numerous advances in technology are being made everyday. The one advance that has stood out above the rest is the invention of the computer. For just one invention, the computer has many capabilities: @CAPS1 access for educational purposes, keeping people in touch, and opening people up to new aspects of life. The computer has helped mankind with various discoveries about our world. As far as many can see, this piece of technology has positive effects on people everywhere, everyday. The new trend in schools all around the globe is the addition of computers or a computer lab. The reason for this is that this technology takes learning to places it has never gone before. Whether a student has to write on essay about the presidency of @PERSON1 or obtain background information for a science experiment about paper towel also bency a computer can aid them in finding the information they need. Programs like @ORGANIZATION1 allow @CAPS1 to present their work in a new and efficient way. For children that don't ""school or adults that want a college education, computers let them learn what they need to from online schools. It is also important to @CAPS1 that they can keep in touch with friends after school hours. Computers are able to help them with this. How many times has it been said that communication is key to a healthy relationship? Computers, believe it or not, are on easy and way to maintain contact with far away people. Some friends and family keep in touch completely by computer. Because they don't live close enough to visit daily. If one is cautious and uses internet safety techniques they can make new friends with common interests through computers. This contact with new people is just one way that computer is croaden one's horizons. Computers are like keys; they open doors to new places and ideas. The use of this technology can old people in discovering so many new things they have never known before. Computers can help open people up to unique genres of music they have never listened to before. On the internet, there are many video tutorials that teach people different skills for free. In one's spare time, they could use a computer to research the people of @LOCATION1 or the pyramids of @LOCATION2. Any way a computer is used has the potential to have a positive effect on someone. In the @DATE1, computer are essential to evey day life. It is imperative that you decide whether you are for this remarkable pece of technology or against it. It is astounding what you could learn from just hopping on a computer. Especially keep in mind that computers are for more than just entertainment: they're for education as well. So what are you waiting for? Discover how great an impact computers can have on your life with just a click of the mouse."