"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Some people are debating whether advances in technology, such as computers, are benefitial to our daily life. I think that computers are a good addition to life for a few reasons. For one, information and knowledge are at your fingertips. It takes merely seconds to know anything you want or need to. Email, @CAPS2, @CAPS1, etc. can be labeled as wasteful or dangerous. New friends can be made everyday. Lastly, there can be limits set so no more worrying about to much time spent on the computers. One of the reasons computers can be benefitial to our daily life is what it can give us. Knowledge is just seconds away. Anything you might be interested in learning is all on the web. Homework, school projects, and even work need information that isn't found anywhere else. The library is a great place to find what you're looking for, but if you're in a hurry and need what you're looking for quick, there is the online encyclopedia, world book, etc.Technology is becoming a huge part of our life today, many opinions are up in the air about it. If, there's one thing everyone can agree on, it's fast and can make daily tasks easier. Ordering clothes, books, movies, tickets for trips and more all can be done online. That's not all the computer has to offer. Friends/family are a necessary part of life, but they're not always living right around the corner. They @MONTH1 live on the other side of the state, country, even world! @CAPS2, @CAPS1, email, etc. can allow you to connect with anybody around the world at anytime. E-mail has been around longer than other websites like @CAPS2 and myspce which allow you to keep daily tabs on them. @CAPS1 or ichat allows you to instantely talk to anybody that you want. These websites can't replace being together in person, but it can help keep in touch for the meanwhile. Some are worried about spending too much time face to face with the screen, there is even something to prevent that. Time spent inside on the computer is becoming a problem. Not enough exersise or time spent outside can be unhealthy. Time limits can fix this problem. A certain amount of time can be plugged in. When there's @NUM1 minutes left, it gives you a warning. That way more time can be spent outside in the open, and less inside staring at the screen all day. Many different opinions about whether computers belong in our life have been shared. I believe they're a beneficial part of our life. They allow you information at the touch of your fingers, access to friends/family, plus there's time limits. In this day/age, the computer is something we can't live without."