"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I believe that computers have a negative affect on people. Computers have caused problems where kids do not do any types of physical activity which deprives them of their daily needed exercise. Also, children spend so much time on the computer, they don't get a chance to enjoy the outdoors. Another effect computers have on kids is that @CAPS6 stops them from spending time with family and friends. I don't know how people can sit on a computer all day without moving around. First, kids don't get enough exercise because the spend too much time on a computer. We know almost everybody has a computer even I do, but @CAPS6 doesn't mean @CAPS6 has to be used @NUM1. I am a athlete and I enjoy being on the computer, but I don't use @CAPS6 every second I can. Doctors always reccomend everyone to get a least an hour of exercise everyday. Most people don't do that. They would be the kind of people who uses the computer or a different electronic a lot. That is also causing childhood obesity. If all you do is sit on the computer all day, your going to be someday. But people need to get off the computer and do something like a sport or even a game like. If you don't exercise you wont enjoy the outdoors. Second, people are not enjoying the outdoor. If somebody likes to play sports they shouldn't don't on @CAPS4 for three hours instead they invite a couple of friends to lay same basketball. Even walking home from school with a friend is a good way to be outside. People @MONTH1 think during the winter there is nothing to do. Have a snowhall fight with some friends and enjoy your selves. Nobody should feel embarrassed even if you wanted to play tag with a friend but you're @NUM2. Just get outside and do something. There are millions of things to do that isn't going on a computer. You're a kid so long that you have to enjoy your selves now before your serious with you life. Lastly when you're not outside you're not enjoying yourself with your friends or family. People are spending too much time on the computer and less with friends or family. You're not hanging out with you friend if you are chatting on @CAPS4. Is @CAPS6 so hard to tell them online ""@CAPS5 @NUM3 come @NUM3 my house."" @CAPS6 takes two seconds. Then in no time you will be hanging out with your friend. I don't understand why is @CAPS6 some embarrassing to be with your family. Mydad and I like to go and play basketball or ping pong with each other. We don't care becaue we have fun. Find something your parents like to do and see if you like @CAPS6. @CAPS6 isn't hard to say to a friend or parent, ""@CAPS5 to do something."