"Dear local news paper, I agree that technology has a positive effect on people. Just like other electronic devices, computers can help you with hand eye coordination. Plus, some people like teachers, want to get staff off the internate for their students to learn about people and places. Others just want to talk to other family or friend member in other towns, states, countries, or continents. Once you read this letter, then you will understand my reasoning. Firstly, these technology enhanced dictionaries help you with hand-eye coordination. Before the computer, people had lose success in writing quickly. They had to make short notes or short handed notation like w/ or. Nowadays people write quicker and can write full words and sentences. They never understood what they wrote they put it in full sentences. When you play computer games, it gives you even more hand-eye coordination, That was only the first three reasons. Secondly, teachers use computers to get alot of school work and get information about history and geography. like an online school book, it can get information on just about anything. It can look up when @PERSON1 was born. When the dinosaurs went extinct. Fun what the government is doing now. A computer can store what you learn too. It also has search engines that help you locate the information like @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2. Statistics show that more than @PERCENT1 of people on earth use search engine to find something on the computer. On search engines they have websites, pictures, movies, maps and more. That is why people use computer for research. Have you ever fell like you don't want to travel across the @LOCATION2 just to see your relative. Well I have a solution to your problem. Computers have all sorts of stuff to can fanicate to other people. The computer mostly uses e-mail. E-mail is like a letter, but put electronically. It also has @CAPS1. It is also like a letter. If you buy a special camera that connects to your computer you can talk to them personaly. You don't even have to travel to see your relatives in @LOCATION1. That is the last reason why computers have positive effects on people. Most people use computers effectively. They get hand eye coordination. Also, the learn important facts about places and people. Plus they can talk to other people. See what I mean, computers are some and also a positive part of society."