"Click, click, click, ""@CAPS1!"" @CAPS2 no, your computer froe, what are you going to do now? Computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches you information, you can socialize, and you can improve your skills. Without a computer, you'd be hopeless. Have you ever needed to do a research project, but don't have access to go to your local town library? No problem, @CAPS3 you have a computer at home. You could just sit down type in a few things, and get all the information you need, and more! You can research just about anything on everything, because the computer will have it. Maybe you want to learn something new, but there aren't many books on it, well there you go, the computer is your friend. Many people assume that computers are just for entertainment, to play games and have fun on your free time. What they don't know is all the research engines like google, netrekker, @LOCATION1,etc. All loaded with knowledgable information. Some people sit at home and read to become smarter, right? You can do this with computer, which would probably even be more entertaining than a boring ad book from the library. Have you ever thought to yourself ""the computer is just a way for people to get away from everyone else, and just have time to yourself?"" @CAPS3 you thought that way, you thought wrong! There are many ways to socialize with others through the computer such as e-mail, instant messaging, video chatting, etc. There are various ways to communicate with people through the computer. It is amazing technology because even @CAPS3 someone is in a different country, you can communicate with them in the click of a button. Ever heard of social networking? The name is self-explanitory. You socialize with people all across the world through a network. For example, these is myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr, etc. That is a fun way to connect with others like relatives you have never met or that live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc. You can even be really social and meet new people, as long as your safe. You @MONTH1 be thinking at this point, that a computer is nothing more than research and socializing. Again, you thought wrong. Computers are a good way to help with your skills. For example, your hand-eye coordination. You look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, while clicking your mouse. That really improves your coordination. Also, your hand movement will get better. When you type, your fingers are moving all around the keyboard, creating hand muscles. Not just physical skills, but computers help with research skills. There are certain ways to research information effectively. This can help for future researching, and school purposes. Without all this, wouldn't a person be missing something? Computers play a big part in everyones lives, no matter what age they are. Computers definitly have a positive effect on people."