"Do you have a computer? I'll bet @PERCENT2 of you do! You @MONTH1 spend @NUM1 hours on the computer or even @NUM2 hours! Computers in fact have many down-sides to them. You could be so invoilved that you never go outside or get excirsize. Also, sitting @NUM2 inchs from the computer screen does not help your eyes. Lastly, the internet has very inapropriot websites that kids should not be seeing. Are you a kid who spends @NUM4 to @NUM2 hours at a time on the computer? Well, if you are, it's time to get off the spinning computer chair and out for soem fresh air. Most kids spend most of their time on the computer @CAPS1 or on @CAPS2 or @CAPS3. It @MONTH1 be good for kids to interact with kids out of school but sooem kids take it way to far. They never go oitside and get any excirsize. this is not good for a growing teen. They need to be up and active. So, limit yourself time you spend on the computer. Without a doubt, computers are very bad fro youe eyesight. Unlike @CAPS4 or video games you could play a long distance away, a computer is played @NUM2-7 inches from the over time, your eyes will be so use to sitting @NUM2 inches from what your recating, that when you back up you  erad at all. I knew this who played video games from about @NUM8 foot away for long period of time a day. Today, unfortunately, the kid is blind if that kid just knew the consequences of being that close to a @CAPS4 screen, he would have thought twice about it. Think twice about how close you sit from the computer. if I were to ask anyone of you what you could find on the internet @PERCENT1 of you would say, ""anything."" could there really be too much information? As a matter of fact, tehre is. You could be looking up a topic and something inapropriot, that has nothing to do with the topic comes up kids doin't need to, and shouldn't be watching or seeing these inapropriot sites. Its bad for kids, so stop it! After reading this essay, I hope you realized that computers are bad for you in various ways. As a matter of fact it's physically, mentally and socially. So, next time your on a computer, don't look at the little things, but the big picture!"