"Dear local newspaper, I strongly think that manypeople are not benefiting fromusing computers. There are so many more things people can do besides go on the computer. By using the computer, people are getting less exercise, not enjoying the nature, and not interacting with family or friends. By using the computer, people are not getting many benefits. As i mentioned, people who use computers too much are getting less exercise. By not exercising, this could really affect people's health. From recent studies by @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 of people whouse computers too much are overweight. That is an extremly high statistic! By computers affecting this many people's lives is ridiculous. This many people really shouldn't be over weight. If these people aren't getting exercise they could become addicted to the computer. If peopole are getting addicted to the computer they @MONTH1 start to do bad things with the computer. They could publish bad things go on ridiculous websites, and watch horrible things. The worst is probably watching bad things. It really puts a bad influence on everyone. Lastly, if you are on the computer too often it could affect your eyes. If you are staring at the computer all day, your eyes @MONTH1 not be used to seeing everything else. It's hard for your eyes to transfer from seeing one thing to the next. Clearly, being on the computer is bad for health. Not enjoying nature is also something that people aren't benefiting from. As you @MONTH1 know, getting freshair is good for everyone. Its always nice to smell the nice @DATE1 air after being in school all day. Many people dont do this because as soon as they get home its to the computer. These people are losi a lot of refreshment. I recently interviewed @PERSON1 she told me that, ""many people don't get to see what's on in the world because of computers."" They never take that to look at anything thats going on around them. By keeping updated. You never know what topic @MONTH1 pop up in school you could always benefit from checking on mother nature. Lastly, there are always animals that need help. Have you ever been in a situation where a stray dog needs a home i have and by helping these animals you're saving life. Many people dont have this opportunity because they are on the computer. Obviously, there are many people missing out on the beauty of nature. My last reason is hat by being on the computer you're not interacting with family or friends. In some cases, the person who is addicted to the computer is the parent. If you're a parent you need to help your family with everyday chores. I know, they can be innoying to have to do but you're helping your family and thats all you can do. Also, if you are a parent that has children they always need help. Some kids are younger and don't know how to find information for a project. But, that's why a parent is there. But, if the parent is on the computer they aren't able to fulfill this requirement. I know that my brother is always looking for help because he is younger. Lastly, family parties and computers do not mix. From past experience, when family has come over my brother has sat on the computer without even coming to say ""hello"" to anyone. I find this extremly rude. I just hope that family members don't get offened by this. Clearly, using the computers takes time away from family. In conclusion, people should have limited time on computers. By using computers people don't have enough exercise, aren't enjoying nature, and spend less time with family. Thank you for reading my opinion."