"Dear @CAPS1, I - like many other people my age - love to sit in front of a computer and explore it's wonders. But that does not mean that I spend my whole life on it like others. So I can see what too much computer time can do. It has made kids my age more aggressive, have health problems, and care even less about the environment. More and more kids are falling into those traps. Too much computer time can make even the nicest person extremely aggressive. I know from past experience that when you bother people when they are on their obsession, they will snap at you, yell, or even start swearing at you, or maybe get violent. If someone stays up to late on the computer, the next day could mean that they're cranky from the lack of sleep. This aggression @MONTH1 cause others to get aggressive in response, which @MONTH1 lead to a verbal or physical fight, which (hopefully) nobody wants. Another issue too much computer time can cause, @CAPS1, are even more health issues. Staying inside all day will keep people from getting the neccessary amount of vitamin @CAPS3 they need which is a vital nutricious vitamin that comes from the sun itself. Not getting enough vitamin @CAPS3 throughout a person's childhood can result in getting an illness called @CAPS5 later in life, which never truly goes away and hinders people from doing the things they love. Too much computer time also means people aren't getting enough exercise, and with the way we eat now, those two things can add up to making a person obeie. Others who do not want to get the proper amount of exercise or eat right and at the same time do not want to become obeisce, @MONTH1 to anorexia. Neither or these weight problems are very good for you, proving my point about the health issues of too much computer time. The issue I will have you read @CAPS1, is how people will become even less caring of the environment. Some of the big technology companies side-step around environmental protection laws to find cheaper ways to make their products and the thing is, no one cares! No one cares so long as they get their newer and better piece of technology. Everyone will just keep protecting these companies to get what they want to satisfy the craving for more computers. Now, I'm not saying that having any computer time is bad. I'm just trying to prove that too much is bad for you. That with too much computer time, people can become more aggresive, have health issues, and become even less caring of the environment. Therefore I urge you @CAPS1 to write an article in the newspaper about the effects of too much computer time, to make it known to everyone in the city. It might help us make a better future."