"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 opinion on computers @MONTH1 be the same as others or different. I believe that computers help our society. They give us more knowledge on whatever subject we want, it helps us connect to family far away places and they even give us a better understanding of any place we can't see for ourselves. Some people feel that computers distract kids so they're never spending time with family. But what if one of your family members is on the other side of the world? @CAPS1 cousin lives in @LOCATION2 and the only way I can ever talk to him is through a computer. What if your a little kid and your mom or did go on business trips faraway for a very long time? You would use a computer to talk to them wouldn't you? Not everyone in your is always around you and when someone is faraway a computer is the way to connect. Because of computers kids don't exercise. What if your exercise happened to be hiking? In you get exercise and can expose the scenery. With a computer you can explore anywhere without even leaving your doorstep. Say your just a young kid and you're always located to see @LOCATION1 but you can never go there. What would you do? You would hop on a computer and check it out. You can explore any place you want with the click of a button. In school you learn about very historic people who have been dead for thousands of years. How would you learn more about them if they're gone? A computer has information about anyone you chance. You @MONTH1 not be exercising but you're expanding your knowledge aren't you. Yes you could go down to a library and take out a book on the person. However, what if the book doesn't have the information you are looking for? You could end up reading for hours when the certain information you want wasn't even there. A computer gives you anything you need in a matter of seconds. Why waste your time? Now is the time where our technology advances. Why waste your time on something when you've got what you need right at your fingertips? So what are you waiting for? Go learn what you want right now! Haven't seen your cousin in a long time? Start up your computer and get talking. The time is now!"