"Let's go back around @NUM1 years ago. Those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family. Days when knowledge was only found in books, and ofen found slowly. Those were days where everything was done with a lack of speed and precision. Computers change all that. With nothing but the tap of a finger, we can communicate with people worldwide, or sea the web for some knew information. @PERCENT1 of people's relatives live out of their state. I can relate, with @NUM2 cousins in @LOCATION2 and @NUM2 in @LOCATION1. Without these instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year! Some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends. For me personally, and I know many others, interaction would be impossible without these modern manuals. With all the @LOCATION1 technology out there. Nothing has me as amazed as the webcam. You, with this tool, can talk face to face with someone on the other side of the world! The world is a better place when we can have a true connection to other cultures, and what better way than to talk to them. What people @NUM4 years ago would never think possible, we can use at a moments notice, and yet still, many people don't appreciate it. My @CAPS1 and my @CAPS2 have both used internet to reunite with old college buddies, or see how far away friends are. These are grown ups, using the tools available to improve their lives. Internet goes beyond teenagers on @CAPS3 and @CAPS4. What you can find online still amazes me. The information you could get out of @NUM2 non-function books, you could find in turn minutes on the internet. Any question, including personal, anything, can be answered. Years ago people would have killed for this power, for the common man to be able to access all he ever needed to. I see the point people make about needing excersize and they're right. But in five minutes on the web you could have an exersize routine planned out, with modern techniques and styles. The computer has anything for anyone. Looking for some place to enjoy nature & @ORGANIZATION1 it. In seconds there will be thousands thousands of results. Missing a dictionary? There are literaly hundreds of sites to find a definition online. People take these machines for granted and assume we could live without them, but I doubt they ever realize how much we really need them. The technology is there. Why not use it? I could never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin, or another kid from a different country. I couldn't pass up a chance to check up on some old buddies that moved away. Thanks to computers, I have that opportunity. I have that chance. I've been shown an open door to find out everything I could want. Man can't know everything. But these days, he can find out anything. I'm not sure if the omputer has changed the direction of advancing technology, but I can tell you, it has definitly offered the course."