"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are harmfully effecting the children, and they are going to effect @CAPS1 generations even more. Computers are fine in moderation, as are most things. If they are needed for a school project that fine but using the computer everyday rather than exercising is not okay. Supporters of technology say that computers have a positive effect. I have to disagree. They say they practice hand eye coordination, they can teach you about far away places and you can talk with people online. Sports are a great way to exercise and practice hand eye coordination. Tennis, baseball, basketball, hockey, etc are all great sports that practice hand eye coordination. They are much healthier that I.Ming your friends all day. You sit on your butt all day and scream to your mom to get you a drink of water, or some dinner. ""@CAPS1 generations are becoming way to dependant."" says @PERSON1, my @NUM1 grade @CAPS2 teacher. How are you suppose to be able to support a family when your older if you cant get up from the computer. ""@CAPS3 a family is hard work,"" my mom tells me, ""your family needs food which means someone needs a job, and someone also needs to get the food. That takes a lot of time and energy."" I agree with my mom, and if simple things like going outside for an hour a day are practiced as a child, having a job and @CAPS3 a family will be easier. Rather than searching the internet for hous to find a good online source to support your thesis paper go to the library! The internet is a realitively new data basis. However, it has grown so much. You cannot always trust internet sources. People who @MONTH1 have posted the website could very well be crazy. Plus websites are filled with viruses, and what happens when your computer is dead due to viruses and you actually need your computer for a school project? The simple alternative would be going to the local library and checking out a variety of books. The books are trusted and filled with information. The internet is also not a very safe place. Facebook, aim, email, twitter, etc are all ways for people to comunicate through the computer. Facebook, aim and twitter are scary and not safe because you @MONTH1 not know who you are talking to. They do have a profile which you @MONTH1 be able to relate to, but they could be lying. ""The internet is a broad place open to strangers,"" my dad says. I am not allowed to have these ways to comunicate because of the specific reasons that I stated earlier. My parents are doing this to protect me and I agree with their decision. Rather than talking to complete strangers go over to your friends house. Your friends are the people that you want to talk to and spend time with. Overall computers are bizarre pieces of technology that can be unsafe, not truthful, and are forcing children to become more dependent on adults. I have to disagree with the supporters of technology. There are many healthy alternatives to the computer. I believe that experts who are concerned that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. Not only do the alternatives that I stated before keep people safe, they also practice a healthier way of living. It is important to keep your bodies healthy because in the end thats what everyone's goal should be."