"Dear newspaper, Computers are everywhere in our nation. We have them at home, at @ORGANIZATION1 or at our work. Many people believe that computers are bad for our health or we dont spend enough time with our family. But I disagree. Computers teach hand-eye coordination let us learn about faraway places, and also let us allow to chat online with other people. Have you ever had trouble with hand-eye coordination? Sometimes mine is ridiculous! But when i get on a computer it gets to be much better. Experts say that @PERCENT1 more people with hand-eye coordination have improved by working with computer. A teacher at @ORGANIZATION1 said, ""@CAPS1 students have been working on the computers for about two months now and I have seen an incredible improvement in their hand-eye coordination already."" I agree with these experts too. So many people nowadays that have a computer have passed their hand-eye coordination test! When I grow up and soon get out of high @ORGANIZATION1 I want to travel all over the world. But first I want to be educated on where I go. That is why computers are so helpful. I can just click on a button and the internet will bring me to hundreds of sites where I can learn all about the places I want to visit. @CAPS2 time @CAPS1 parents told me we were going to @LOCATION1 for the day. So the night before I did a bunch of research of different shops, museums, and places to eat. The computer helped me so much that if we didn't have @CAPS2 then i don't know where would go. President @PERSON1 said, ""@CAPS2 time when i had a big meeting in @LOCATION3 I had no knowledge about it. So I logged on to the computer and it brought me to a million pages on their culture, language, and much more. I dont know what I would do if I didn't have a computer."" I love talking to @CAPS1 friends. But once I'm home none of @CAPS1 friends are around me, so I have nobody to talk to. If I also don't have the phone available then that makes it even worse.But, if I go on the computer then I can talk to bunch of @CAPS1 friends. I can go onto @CAPS1 webcam to see who I am talking to or I can go onto another website to get an instant message. I love talking online because ont of @CAPS1 best friends in the whole word moved down to @LOCATION2 so I don't get to talk to her too much. But if I go to the instant message website then I can talk to her as much as I want. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people sold in a survey that they have someone they talk to over the internet. So I say the computer is important in our society. It helps complete a number of tasks. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and it even allows people to talk to friends and family online. So I dont think computers are bad fo us or our health. I think they are important and needed."