"Dear, editor of the @ORGANIZATION1. I beleive that computers are good for the future. The world has made many chenges with there technology. I know not spending time exercising is bad but learning about new things cant be that bad. If humans didn't have technology some of us wouldn't have heat or fresh water. We use computers in life. Computers are good for people who use them to learn about the world. Some people who have friends far away can use a computer to talk to them. Or even people who can't talk use computers to talk for them. The @ORGANIZATION2 uses computers to save lives. Computers save lifes in so many ways its scary to think if they were all gone we could all start dying. We use computers in hospitals if there weren't any computers the chances of finding a cure for something would take to long and the person could die. Lets say someone has what looks like a normal fever and you just say thats what they have. Two days later they died because they had some disease and no one knew until it was to late. We use computers to purify water. We use computers to keep us warm during winter. We even use computers in libraries why the library. Some people who have medical illnesses and can't talk have these little computers that can have something typed in them and it would say it. Most people use some kind of computer to talk, chat, and text. They might find it easier with a computer. The worlds a big place and many people don't know much about it. But if you go online you could find out stuff that you @MONTH1 never knew exsited of just plainly didn't know about it. Kids even use computers for school and school work. So many people rely on technology to get through there life. Computers even help people in school for people like me who broke there arm and have to take some test on the computer. Like me. Now so many things in the military, airforce, and @ORGANIZATION3 are computerized. The miltary uses thermal sights on guns and tanks so they can identify people in even the most craziest weather. It could even locate a wounded soldier. There even working with computers to make better bullet prove vest so they will be more lives saved in war. The airforce uses computers to talk to people on the ground so they could protect them. They now have planes that can be flown by a man far away and this would save there lives even if it gets shot down. This also alows them to see people hiding and they could tell the people on the ground to stay down or whatever. The @ORGANIZATION3 uses radar to see if there is any boats or submarines coming near them and the have a heads up if there would be an attack. We use this to help with other advances in the future we could soon have a computer that could help out people in far places like were there is a higher poverty rate. Computers save lives, alows communication, and is a good way for research. Computers is what we use to live we need them to survive."