"Some ""experts"" are warned that people should spend too much time on their computers. Yet, look at all of the advantages to a computer. You can develop better hand-eye coordination skills, internet with friends/family who could live hundreds of miles away, and you can learn about cultures all around the world, along with the people who live in those countries, without ever leaving home. In my oponion, computers overall benefit society, helping us learn more & more every day. First off, there are many skills you can develop on the computer. For example, when playing interactive high-paced games, kids get a sense of awareness timing, and hand-eye coordination. Not to mention, with new advances in technology, people can now go to college without ever leaving home, and at a much lower price, while still getting a great education. Many people even work from home, thanks to their computers. These are still only a few of the many skills that can be learned on computers. Secondly, why buy a ticket to a far away country that's fairly expensive, trade in all your money for the money they have there, go through the hasslels of baggage, ect. When you could simply go online and look it up on the computer? You can go online, look up some of that countries recipes, language, pictures, people without the hassel of going there. Not to mention, for kids who aren't old enough to @LOCATION1, or have to do a report on it, instead of making through countless textbooks, newspapers, libraries in general, they go online, @CAPS1 their country, and they have must, if not all the info they need right there. So not only is getting the information then you would've learned in the first place, thereby, extending your knowledge. Finally, the internet helps people connect. Leading experts from the @CAPS2.S.A., or Family security agency, says that since people have started using programs like @ORGANIZATION1 and facebook, many more families, who live in different countries, have been able to re-coonect and get to know one-another. For example, if you have an uncle who lives in @LOCATION1, you could both buy cameras for your computer, install them, and within minutes, be seeing each other/talking face to face. I think this is better then simply writing letters to them, as it's quicker, and you get to connect more. Same goes if a friend or you move away, but want to stay in touch. A quick facebook account or @ORGANIZATION1, and you'll still be good friends. So all in all, yes, computers do benefit society, as they help teach people skills, learn about distant cultures/far away countries, and connect people, who might live in different countries. I don't see anything wrong with these beneficial factors to society. So yes, computers have a positive effect on people."