"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 you know @PERCENT1 of people today use the computer for necessary reasons? @CAPS5's true! @CAPS5's a fact the computer can help you with keeping in touch with friends, getting the latest news, and even gives you map access. Let me tell you some important facts about the computer. Of course, we all have friends in different cities and/or states! Instead of over charging a phone bill, many people keep in touch via email. Email is high tech, and super easY! All you need is your friends email adress and you can send them anything from a friendly hello, to @CAPS1 pictures of the family. Teens love to chat with friends and they're able to get to know each other better through the computer. Sites such as facebook are certainly popular with this generation of teens. The fun messages are what makes everything so great. Keep in mind all the avaiible ways to get in touch with friends and see why the computer is so great. Everytime I log onto the computer I'm able to see the latest news updates! I remember going on and seeing something pop up about my favorite band breaking up. Thanks to the computer I got to read all about @CAPS5 and I was extremely glad I'd seen that because if I hadn't I wouldn't of got to see their last concert. While I do understand, the computer @MONTH1 not be the healthiest activity, @CAPS5 definaltly is a great news source and everyone reads the news whether @CAPS5 be political, or about celeberties. Knowledge about what's currently happening in our country, and exercise is equally as important therefore, I'd be the first to support the computer as a possitive effect on people today. Have you ever been lost? Maybe you didn't write down the correct directions, or couldn't remember. Next time bok up directions on the computer! @CAPS5's so helpful and could really save you a hastle. There're so many websites that have maps you can print out, such as map quest. @CAPS5's a much easier, clearer way to understand where exactly you need to go. In my opinion @CAPS5 can help so much and @CAPS5 would be the right idea to go cheer @CAPS5 out today. Imagine all the places you could go just by getting a map online! Keep this in mind as one of the many great things about the computer. Now that you know some posotives about the computer, remember how they could benefit you! Being able to chat with friends is one of the best! Don't forget about hearing the latest news, and finally, never get lost again, just print out a map. There's no doubt in my mind the computer has a very possative effect on every one! The time is now to get out there and pick up a computer for yourself!"