"Dear @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 has been a debate on whether modern computer activities are good for people or bad for the people. Some people think that it benefits society because computers can teach hand eye coordination, they can help people learn about faraway places, and allow people to interact with friends. Al of this seems to prove that computers are good for society, but truely it is not. People who use their computers too much can have some harmed side effects, including obesity, red eyes, and even can get cyber bullied. People are using computers to an extent to which it is bad for their health. The number one problem of the @LOCATION1 is obesity. It seems that people are getting fatter every day. Computers are definetly taking part in the problem. People are spending too much time on their computers and are spending less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. These people are spending hours and hours in front of a computer getting heavier every day. They start to eat their feelings because of how lonely they are. This process continues until the certain person can barely yet out of their chair. Obesity is not the only problem that is damaging their health, their eyes are being damaged also. It is obvious that more & more people are having problems with @CAPS2 eyes everyday. Computers are making this happen. When a certain person is on the computer for only an hour, they are damaging their eyes tremendously. The computer screen is straining their eyes horribly & for the people who are on the computer @NUM1 - @DATE1 hours a day are pretty much sending their eyes to blindness. When I go onto the computer for only @NUM2 minutes my eyes start to water. It is a devastating outcome of using a computer too much. Computers are damaging peoples health & @CAPS2 should be something done about it. Although computers aren't only damaging people health they are also ruining peoples lives. Bullying has been a major problem in the @LOCATION1 for many years. Kids would be bullyed all day in school and always had a horrible time. But when they got to go home they could be comforted by their family and friends. Computers have recently included a system where you can video chat with friends or @ORGANIZATION2. This can be a wonderful thing unless used in the wrong way. As I pointed out before kids are bullied a by in school but when they got home they were able to leave that horrid life behind and be a normal kid. Not any more. This new @ORGANIZATION2, video chat, @CAPS4, etc. has brought the unlucky bullied students a one way ticket to getting cyber bullied. I have heard of a case where a student was cyber bullied to such an extent that she suicided on the internet to show how depressed she was. Computers made that event possible. Video chat, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, etc. gives bullies a chance to make their prey depressed into a point where they consider suicide. I can understand why you would contradict my argument but I truely hope that you will be able to understand why this is so important. Obesity, straining the eyes, & cyber bullying should be in my mind enough evidence that computers are bad to get you to write an article about these horrid machines. They are causing a variety of problems in peoples health, mind, etc. I really hope you will consider writing this article."