"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches them hand-eye coordination, the ability to learn about people and places and allows for people to entertain themselves. As I said before computers are very useful for the advances of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very important in our current world because in order to play sports and type effectively you must have hand-eye coordination. When I was a boy of @NUM1 years I had survey low hand-eye coordination skills and my playing suffered because of it. Now after a couple yours of playing online my baseball, lacrosse and basketball skills have improved from playing online and practicing. Also my typing has gone up from @NUM2 words-per-minute. In @NUM3 words-per-minute. Allowing me to write reports faste and allow more time for revision. But the internet also allow me to search the web to make the aspect of my report go much faster... Though out people needed to suport their opinions and. Now the internet for a person to such to find facts relating to their topic. This bad of help can male school projects easier, make students be even smaller and give opportunity to help in need. As I got ready @NUM4 while my position paper this year. I realized I needed @NUM1 usually this would be difficult but with the help of computers, research can be made a whats let easier. Secondly, I learned so much while my @CAPS1 @CAPS2, like for example don't really pick the president. The votes they gave actually elect a spesculative to go to the @CAPS2 to. Finally, as the earthquake in @LOCATION1 I was able to donate through the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 website. These examples show how important the internal to learn about people and places, maybe give a helping hand. Finally, the last great thing about the internet and computers is that you can entertain yourself through online games and movies. My mom is always telling me I should ways to myself without dragging her into playing catch with me the internet and computers allow me to play online gones by myself. Secondly, movies on computers can be a real time if you want to around. These are the reasons why I believe computers are important for improving eye-hand coordination, learning about different people and places, and the ability entertain you self. Though my opinion will only count to myself I hope you will to stress the importance of computers in your future articles."