"Dear the newspaper, Computers are great resources and are helpful in many ways. @CAPS1 we have the technology, why not use it? Computers give us simple yet very useful programs like @ORGANIZATION1 word or photoshop, outstanding abilities to look up any information you want, and keep in touch with far away relatives useing facebook or video chats like skype. Wouldn't it @CAPS1 you were just about to finish an essay for school when you mispelled a word and had to start all over?! Well this is what happened frequently when computers weren't around and you had to use a typewritter. Unlike typewriter, computers have programs such as michrosoft word, where @CAPS1 you make a simple mistake, all you have to do is press backspace. With programs like this, essays and flyers are extremly easy to make. There are also a lot of other programs like powerpoint, photoshop, or video-editing. These are real time. You can just put your camera chip into your computer and ""walaa"" instant editting. Programs that you can download make life a whole lot simpler and saves you a lot of time. Along with the programs to write a paper, you can use the internet and google to get the information! All you have to do is type in a shourt phrase and instantly get thousands of sites, all packed with information. And instead of spending ten minutes in a dictionary. com and find it in a split second. I took a tally and @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 kids use the internet at least once a day! Lets say you had a party coming up, but had nothing creative to cook for food. Just type in creative foods for a party"" and you will easily have hundreds of newe recipies to choose from. The internet is an extraordinary invention that is very simple and helpful to use. Antoher fantastic thing to use on a computer is social connections such as myspace, facebooks, or skype. This is a great way to catch up with old friends from highschool or college, or plan a big event while being relaxed at home. @CAPS1 you had soccer practice at night so you couldn't hang out with friends, but still had time to do a quick chat, this is perfect. Skype and other video chats are amazing. They are very convienent when you need to speak with someone all the way in @LOCATION1 for busieness and don't want to travel. All you have to to is open a link a ""bamm"" they're right there! These are great for buisnesses and long distance ralationships. I have an uncle and aunt who live in and we use skype to keep in touch. It a fantastic way to communicate acros the globe. Computers @MONTH1 make as ""look""lazy, but give us a lot. Saved time from their convenence to run around and get exersize. Computers have amazing programs that help us in all ways, internet for quick information, and social connections to keep in touch with family, friends and buisnesses. Computers are one of the most convenent things we have and I strongly suggest you would agree with me."