"In our socity computers have a big role. Some people think that this inhaces our socity and benefits the people in the @LOCATION1. Other people think computers are hurting the @CAPS1 citizens. I belive that computers can have our socity into the next and can inhance use to people. Comptores can benifit people by tracking hand-eye coordination give people the ability to learn about the world, and allow people to communicate to others. Computers can teach hand-eye coordination which helps people work with their hands. An arument on the of this is that computers take the place of exercise. For a lot of @CAPS2 a sport is their exercise and in every sport you need hand-eye coordination. Computers don't take the place of they inhance the persons ability to play for exsample to be a goaly in any sport you need fast mentions and good hand-eye coordination. A computer can help the save more goals by increasing their hand-eye coordination. Having good hand-eye coordination can also save you life. If a knife was you human nature world tell you to cover your head with your hands. This would you, if you had hand-eye coordination you away with your body to avoid the knife. Computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well. Computers can take you around the world without leaving your room. Computers can teach go about culture and life that you didn't even know excisted. The cahan @CAPS1 can not aford the luexury of seeing the world first hand, computers let those people see the world from difient points of veiw. If a student needed to know all about one country they could go on the enternet and get a tour. A student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer. They can the wanted with one click. Family, friend and coligees are all people you need to talk to. Computers made communication easy for anyone. Now you can talk and see a person in video chat. This benifits socity because if you are talking to a buissness partner you can point to graphs and charts you made. You can also to see a love one that you miss. Their is a different type of comunication for every person. You can e-mail, @CAPS4, instant message, etc. Comunication connects people around the world it a small world after all. Computers have taken our socity in the next level. People can travel the world in a second, talk to anyone and have hand-eye coordination. Computers are growing @LOCATION2 keeping is on top. What would you choose?"