"People using computers is a good way for them to talk with distant relatives or friends, learn keyboarding skills, and research about far-away places. First, the wonder ful technology that computers have is amazing. They can surf the web in milli-seconds. This benefits people because if you were doing a research paper on china, many search engines let you surf the web at blazing fast speed, and in a little time, you could have all the information you needed. Scientists say that @PERCENT1 of computer-users have fast internet, and they reccommend it to other, first-time buyers. The computer that I use is a unique computer that was customizable to my liking. I like playing games and editing videos, so I got an outstanding graphics car that has outstanding speeds for rendering videos. This let me play games and edit videos, and my @NUM1 gb hard drive is capable of storing all my programs and projects, for future use. Doing many things on the computer can really help your hand-eye coordination. In fact, about @PERCENT2 of computer say that over a using a computer. they were to type @PERCENT3 quicker that they could before. Thats a very good number, but the average person woh types could write in @NUM2 in I have. I can type a that big in about @NUM3 minutes because it have been typing in other @NUM3. Computers are a big part of my life and I still have time to do other things with my family, and friends. The last thing that computers help us people with chatting with friends on websites, like facebook, myspace, and @ORGANIZATION1. They all let you share with all of your friends, and of you needed to, you could chat with far away friends or relatives. This helps because if you haven't talked to your cousin in a while, you can check up with him and talk about things. I have a causing who graduated college and is now teaching in @LOCATION1, and when our gets together, we webchat with him on @ORGANIZATION1 and it is helpful because we haven't seen him in @NUM5 years, and we all wanted to see what he was up to. He was also able to send us pictures, which helped because we all missed his face. So, blazing fast speed to chatting with distant relatives. These are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers and still have time for family and friends."