"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 of late there has been controversy of how Computers affect people's lives. I believe that the effects on people negative. My main reasons of this argument are. The persons health their the users well being. Did you know that over @PERCENT1 of kids and teens are obese @NUM1 computers can contribute to this statistic. If a person is eating unhealthy but sizing. They can still be fit but if they go on the computer instead of working off all the. They become fat. This can be a serious problem. Becoming overweight has many health risks liked heart other. It also could prevent a person from excersicing. If they are overweight their legs could ache and a simple set of stairs could become a huge challenge. Do you want in obesity rates? I would think not. If you watch tv you could picture perfect families. We all know that no family is like that. Introducing computers could mess up that fact even more. For example, my cousin used to be an outgoing friend person. Now because of computers he is a @LOCATION1 who does nothing else but play on the computer. He gets up eats breakfast. (The of about ), then plays on the computer untill lunch. He eats a small lunch and right back to playing. After along @NUM2 to @NUM3 more hows of playing. He off the computer, hopps into goes on his laptop all night. This greatly affects his family. They try to get him off but all he does is online. He cant interact with his family and this has a huge infact on it. Even though he could get off and talk one of the only ways of talking to him are through facebook. Now because of this family is. We can easily avoid this by telling every body these known facts. My final argument for you is the users well being teen many of us have a facebook of @CAPS3 I have homework I to use the internet for facts and stories. @CAPS3 I do so to go on facebook. If anyone dows the effect our grades. If we chat on facebook we doing our. If arent doing our homework we wont get a good grade. If we could less to other serious problems. Another thing is that you could actually need your computer to stay. It could be addicting and you might rely on it ""once a to kill himself because he dident have his computer"". So @CAPS2 you can see there many negative effects on a user of a computer. It could many problems inthe future like health. the family happiness. So spread the word for the sake of thousands of people."