"Today more than @PERCENT1 of our population spends expensive amounts of time each day on the computer. I agree that having a computer in your home is benficial at time, but to me the disadvantages outway the advantages of spending to much time on a computer. Disadvantages such as cyber bullying, illegal websites, the criminals that use the internet to target days, and the interference that spending to much time on the computer has with your grades and other school work. I think that largest number of people affected by spending to much time on the computer are kids. Mostly kids right name from school, drop there backpack, and instead of sitting at the kitchen table or study area to do homework, they sit right down in front of the computer. Then what happens to that homework? It usually doesnt get done. That absence of homework could make an enourmous decline on a students average. However, homework is not the only school work effected by the computer. Even in school kids use internet on their cell phones. This provides a huge distraction for kids and usually ends up with the result of kids not completing the task asigned to them. Not getting work done is not the problem. Computer presents to kids through. It also helps with bullying; cyber bullying. Alot of kids are bullied and picked on the school but then that bullying carries itself to the childs home threw the computer. Once at home a kid can get hurtful emails or instant messages. These hurtful messages @MONTH1 do a lot more than just hurt someone feelings, it can hurt their self asteem and how they feel about themselves. Then as if cyber bullying and not doing homework werent bad enough. there are also criminals on the computer. These criminals prey on kids. They can find passwords to accounts. They can find out personal information about yoo because of how much time on the computer each day. Once they find out enough about you they use to it gain your trust and the problem only escalades from there. Although many kids are affected by the amount of time they spend on the computer each day, there not the only ones. Adults are affected just as much and just as easily. One thing that lvers adults in to spending all their time on the computer is all the ""great deals"" they can find on the computer. But many of these great deals come from fake or illegal websites. Websites that are selling stolen merchandise. Then show you all the benefits from buying from them and then once you believe them and buy what they are selling, they have all of your personal information. From their you can end up with an empty bank account or even identity theft. Does that realy sound a ""great deal?"" @CAPS1 to me the disadvantages of having a computer definetly out way the advantages of having a computer. I think that people need to step away from the computer desk, get good grades, avoid bullying and criminals. Keep there bank acounts full and there identity safe. Instead they should spend time outdoors, with family: or enjoying life!"