"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 a world where no information could be saved for the whole world to observe a place with no communication with loved ones or friends; or a life with no possible way of learning of catastrophe's on the other end of the earth. Clearly, a life without computers is utter chaos. Computers provide education, and stay in contact with friends and family I'm sure our world greatly benifits from this mericle. Medicine, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 constructing and revolutionizing our life has been made possible by computers. @PERSON1 is an old family friend of mine. He was one of the few people who was working on going to the moon for the very first time. They were astonished with what thier astronauts saw. But computers made the expirience a reality. @PERSON1 remembered recieving some of the first footage of he moon on to his computer, before the photographs and video are released to the public. However, @PERSON1 is not the only person who agrees. Johnson, a principal from a private school in @LOCATION1, after winning an award for best school in @LOCATION1 states @PERCENT1 of our education comes from the computers. We make our students come involved in technology. These are the people who progress to make the best medicine cars and computers. Our students all are benificial to our world today."" @CAPS6 settle for anything less for our childrens' education? In the middle of trajedy; faced with a difficult decision; or even just lonely, longing for someone to count on; who do you turn go first? Your loved ones they are always there for you when you need them. Now because of our access to computers whether accross the world or just the other end of the block. We will always be in contact with the ones we love. @PERSON2, my friend, found out her aunt diagnosed last year with cancer. However, she was in a boarding school in @LOCATION2 while her aunt needed her support. Instead, she was with her every step on webcam, emailing and @CAPS7. She could even contact her doctors to see her condition after. Her aunt conquered cancer with her neice and is living happily. With only a @NUM1 chance of living, @PERSON2 gave her the support she needed through most difficult @CAPS2. Not only did see the positive effects of staying in contact. Marcos a family therapist says @NUM2 of happy families stay in contact after seperating through internet."" @CAPS8 could anyone, ever leave those who you care most about behind? @CAPS3 a world with a full education, for our children to take advantage of and a place where we can stay with each other all the time. Thats the world we we live in."