"Dear to whom it @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 name is @PERSON1, and I feel computers are bad for society. Computers have been the big difference when comparing @NUM1 to @NUM2 centuries. People have come to rely too heavily on computers. The communication globally has not been very helpful and people are spending hours on their computers every day instead of exercising. On the whole I feel society would be better off without computers. At the end of @DATE1 before the millenea would take place everyone feared what was called @NUM3. The year two thousand would supposedly be when all computers shut down and didn't work. Computers were at their beggining for society so everyone thought they were great. People were panicing over the thought of their precious computers not working. The entire nation had become reliant on computers. Everyone hid in attics and basements waiting for the world to end. Do you know what happened? The sun came out the next day and everyone logged onto their emails with a sigh of relief. Not only relief for the world not ending but for the life of computers to be able to go on. People still rely on computers just as much more today. I recently visited @LOCATION1 and in a rest every where the even had their laptop that they had to take everywhere with them. In conclusion the @CAPS2 society is at a sad state with how much they rely on computers. A fast instinct is to say communication when you why humans need computers. Why is that? We have telephones. Is there nation television channels? We have plenty of means of communication, such as ways like maybe writing a letter to someone? Communication would not be a problem in fact it has mainly caused trouble. Computers and internet allow news to be spread quickly even if it isn't free, damaging someones carrer and publicity. They also allow communication with foreign countries. Exess communication that can get countries into wars. Normally the @LOCATION3 would have no idea whats going on but with internet the nation is involved quickly. Computers breed had communication and you can easily communicate other ways with family and friends. Since I am a teen I also know the problems with youths and computers. Often times kids don't want to go outside and istead sit inside on the computer. Obesity is a rising issue in @LOCATION2 and kids need to exercise. Kids also dislike going on trips like camping outings because they don't want to leave their computer. Without computers kids would get more exercise and be less overweight. Now you have seen @CAPS1 reasoning that society would be in much better if there were no computers."