"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people. Computers can teach people about things that are forien to them. Computers keep people intouch, all over the world. Computers also come in handy when something needs to be looked up right away. Computers are very helpful when it comes to learning. They can teach you things that most books cant, such as hand eye coordination also about the current populations of countrys and cities. Also, computers gives you the opportunity to see pictures of places and people that you couldn't find in books or photo albums or newspapers. They also help in schools when projects are asigned. Kids can use computers to find information they need quickly. Kids can also use computer to wright essays or print pictures for projects. Computers are definately a staple for learning & education. Computers are also great for comunication. People can chat with one another on networking sites such as @CAPS1, facebook, myspace, and twitter. On these sites people can send messages to their friends a leaking them of something or chat with their friends to see whats to keep in touch with family and friends, on the computer. Family members can e-mail each other to inform them of an event or news. I have actually had an experience with e-mail that was very helpful my family members and I had been speaking of traveling to block island and two days before we were going to leave we recived on email from the owner of the house we were going to stay at stating that all phone lines were down and part of the house was ruined due to a storm. If it werent for computers we would have been in a sick situation. Computers also come in handy in times of need or confusion. People can check their local weather forecasts to see of the weather will effect their plans. Also if someone doesn't know where a house or store is located they cab quickly look it up on the computer. Finaly if something is unavailable on a store people can shop for it online and can buy what they need, and have it shaped to their door step. Computers have helped this country grow and prosper. Why bother to go aginst them when they benafit society so much? Computers are helping the world become a better educated, connected, and informed world."