"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I understand the conterversies between having computers. Computers are the center of technology. I can't imagine a world without them. Though having a computer @MONTH1 cause children to play uneducational games, computers teach more and help children as well. I know for your company, having no computer would be a nightmare. It gives education to not only children, but adults as well. First of all, computers are proven to be the second best source of education, behind school, along with the best source of information. Millions of websites are specified to only education of all kinds. Not only are there websites. these are @CAPS1's with online tutors or just work. Computers provide practically anthing you need. For work, adult use. computers to sell something communicate with someone or just look up a new topic. The technology of a computer is farther than any other item. Without a computer life would be much more difficult. Instend of just sending an email, mail would have to be sent out. Most information would have to from brooks. In fact even the internet has books to buy and read. I am aware that people feel that children are spending too much time on the computer talking to friends, but children need to be social, @CAPS2 it weren't talking on the computer, there would just be more texting and calling. The computer makes life so much easier that to take it away would cause stress and less time for other important activities. Lastly. computers have documents and it is the best way to type. Your company can definetly agree that without typing documents life would be a mess. Everyone writes up documents and needs to send them, open them up again, and edit them. The only other access to typing is a type writer. Types writers can't save anything, delete and do half the work computers do. Your whole job depends on the computer and typing. How would you feel @CAPS2 you couldn't use a computer. In conclusion, computers are a necessity to our living. Without computers life would be difficult and stressful. Computers give education stand information to everyone. The technology is unbelievable and makes everyday life, easier. I couldn't even imagire no documents and typing. I'm sure you will agree with my decision. I hope you chose to inform others with this information. Thank you for your time"