"Do you ever have time to read? Do you ever spend time with your family? Or do you ever have time to go outside? Well, if you don't, it's because you spend to much time on the computer. Computers are bad for society. And I will show you why. There are many great activities you can do such as reading a book. Instead of reading on the computer, read a novel, you can ask your parents to drive you to the library. I understant that if you need to do research you can do it on the computer but in the library there are all sorts of books such as fiction, nonfiction, science books and many more. Every intelligent citizen would @CAPS1 that computer @MONTH1 have wrong information. I remember when I was doing a project on @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 music. I used the computer to research who killed her and it said that a man killed her. I went to the library and checked out a book on her and it said that a woman killed her actually. In addition books help you get more accurate facts. Every caring, loving human cares about spending time with their family. How can you spend more time with your family? Well, you can visit some cousins on the weekends. Your family can make parties. I recall having a party for my baby brother's baptism, everyone came. I got to see my aunts, and cousins that I didn't see in years. I understand that if you have a far away relative you would use the computer to chat with them or see them on webcam, but why not take a vacation were they live and go by car, that would bring the family even closer. I @CAPS1 what that is like. My family lives in @LOCATION2 and I visit them every year. We have family reunions, maybe your family can do that too. As a result, family is important, so don't let the computer ruin yours. Do you ever go outside anymore? Is the computer getting in your way? You have to check your e-mail, reply, go on your @CAPS4, its hungry, you have to do your daily activities. What about your health? Getting fresh air can be good. These are many great things you can do outside. For example, you can jump rope, go to the park, go swimming, play in the snow and many more. I remember the time my cousin came over and we went to the park. We stayed these until the park closed. It was very entertaining. Every citizen in @LOCATION1 wants to be healthy. Going outside can help you, run through the woods, or even jump roping is outside and excersizing. In addition just going outside can do more. Now is the time. Why wait another minute? You can either be all alone on the computer or be outside, or be with your family, even the library isn't lonely. Computers are a bad habit, even though we might need them, its better safe, then sorry to do it the old fashion way."