"Computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can help people learn about news in the world, places and people. Computers can also help people communicate with each other. Computers can also teach hand-eye cordination. People who support advances in technology, believe computers have a positive effect on people. Without computers people could not learn new things. On a computer you can learn about new places. People could see where something is, locate it, or learn about the place. I remember when I was working on a project about @LOCATION2. I had no clue what to do on the topic, so I whent on the computer and looked up @LOCATION2. It told me @LOCATION2 was located in @LOCATION1. Then it showed me a picture of @LOCATION2, and the history of the country. Without the computer I would not have been able to learn about this fasinating country. On a computer you can also learn about historic and famous people. On computers you can read biographies of them, or watch videos of whay they did to become famous. People used to read news out of a newspaper, on computers you can too without paying the cost of buying a newspaper. Computers can also give you a live feed of what is happening in the world. Without computers people could not learn. On computers you can also communicate with people that are very far away. Scientist did a study on how people communicate. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 said they used a computer to comunicate with other people. People can use a webcam, aim, or email to communicate with other people. To communicate with my family in @LOCATION2 I use a webcam. To communicate with my friends I use email or aim. Writing letters is to slow, on computer the other person your talking to can reply immediately. On a computer communication is made easier. A computer can also teach you hand-eye cordination. On a computer you see something on the monitor and you can click it without looking down at the mouse to click. This can help you in sports and give you fast reflexes. In many sports you need hand-eye cordination. For example, in basketball you need to look up while you dribbling or you while fall. Computer can give people fast reflexes and helps people in sports. Computer should be part of societys everyday life. Computer have a positive effect of people and they can help people learn new things, like, places, people, and news in the world. Computers are very benefital to society."