"Dear editor, Have you ever stopped and asked yourself which was more important? Of course I can be talking about anything, but what about computers verses family, friends, nature, your own health etc. Well, I ask myself that quite often, and I feel that it's so much more worth it to be with family and friends than to be infront of a computer. There is so much more that I can tell you, and just after my very first reason how could there even be another side to it? Why is it that now these days kids can't simply run out to the bus stop without feeling totally winded? I feel it's because they are not getting enough well needed exercise! For example, instead of sitting infront of the computer, kids, and even adults can enjoy going to the gym. Also, children can get more involved with school sports so they can not only be participating in sports, but they can be involed with school too! Lastly, just by going for a short walk with your dog, your not only walking and getting well needed exercise, your bonding with your loyal friend. Have you ever been gazing out the car window when you just found yourself being sucked into all the beauty that nature has to offer? Well, if you have I guess you could never have too much, but if you haven't, its probably because your spending way too much time on the computer! There are so many different ways that people could learn to appreshiate nature more, such as sitting on a park bench in the @TIME1, while absorbing the fresh air and sunlight. Or you could go for a slow, realaxing bike ride through a trail with a constant cool breeze, brushing your face with every of your wheels. Finally, you could pick a warm day to sit out on the beach, and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean. How could you resist those temptations? Lastly, I believe that family is the most important thing to missing out on! Without family and friends you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences. You lose out on having good lifetime realationships, and how could you turn dow the offer to be with the people you love? In conclusion, I feel that computer are taking away most of the things that no one deserves to live without. I mean, how could anyone live without family, friends, the beauty of nature, and your own health? That is why everyone should make the right desition to take reasponcible charge of their life, and the same question, which is more important?"