"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A regular day for a person, with a computer, includes at least three hours using the computer per day. Today, people, especially teens, spend their precious hours wasting time on sites like facebook, myspace @CAPS1 and more! Just think about it, just sitting in a chair with your eyes gluded to the computer when you could be exercising, spending time with family and friends or enjoying nature? After all do we really need a computer? Obesity is one of the highest concerns in the country today. However, we can prevent it! We are certainly not helping this issue when we have childre. Adults sitting in a chair for a large part of their day doing absolutley nothing! We are so fortonate, our town has at least two physical fitness buildings for anyone can attend instead of using the computer. ANd even if you can't attend a gym you could easily walk around your neighborhood. There are running program held at our local beach, @LOCATION1, where you can exercise or even run a small competition! Please exercising is key to everybody's health and there are numerous ways to exercise, but using the computer is not one of them! Teachers, parents, children writers everyone lets stay away from the computers and stay fit! Family and friends are those who make us truly hapy but if we on the computer how are we going to see them? More and more people are making less effort to see people in person. Instead many people video chat through cameras on the computer. We need to change this habit. Everybody needs to socialize face to face. If we socialize through computers our socializing skills could worsen because you are not practicing the socializing skills like eye contatct. Instead of talking to people online we could be enjoying with those same people at an amusment park, a restaurant, at a park or simply in our barkyard/house. The world is so beautiful with so many places to see but society is too busy to see it because we're on computer for a long time. Our computers use up so much energy and is a threat to the world, @CAPS2 @CAPS3! Instaed of entertaining ourselves on computer we could be taking hikes, walks on the beach even our street or playing outside in our yard. On a computer you can see a magestic places like beaches but you can't interact with them. If we get off our computer we could be swimming at a beach or a pool! Nature is so beautiful, why ever it? @PERCENT1 of residents in @LOCATION1 own computers and spend a lot of thier day on it. We could be improving obesity, spending more time with family and friends, and exploring Nature! lets make a shange so we can do all of these things!"