"Dear Local Newspaper, I am writing to you about the use of computers and how they are bad for society. With people getting less exercise, not enjoying nature, and having less interactions they are doing the world more bad than good. Almost everyone has a computer and it gets used more and more and it is just taking away a great time to go be active outside. First, exercise is a very important part of the day and it is happening less and less because kids are sitting infront of there computers all day long. There is so much talk these days how we are the fatest country. Well here is one of the main causes we have almost everyone stairing blankly into a computer screen instead of being active. Computers are a big problem and they cause laziness to occure more often than not because now if you miss your favorite @CAPS1.V. show just look online you will find it. Or if you are doing a project just look online and you will find more than enough information and it is just a click away.Second, enjoying nature is a scarse thing now. All you have to do is search online and you could find a picture of your front yard. there are much less people outside. Because who needs to go outside when you could be chatting with a friend or just being on @ORGANIZATION1 looking up new technology. People who are always on the computer don'@CAPS1 care about the enviorment as much because they are wasting electricity and they are more fun to internet on their place that they on. There are a lot less people going places now because who needs to go to @LOCATION1 when you can just look up pictures of @LOCATION1. It's taking away thrills poeple used to have of going places getting out of the house seeing parts of the world far away first hand instead of through computer. Third, there are for less interactions personaly between well everyone. Kids that text, @CAPS2, or facebook chat more then talk in person with friends are loosing talking skills of actually having a conversation. Because online you have time to think then when you talk in person you have nothing to say because you can'@CAPS1 think and your not to your full talking potential. People are seeing eachother less and less now that they can text and talk over the computer they think now have no need to see eachother now and it is ok just to talk through the internet. Friends & family start to know who you are less because you can'@CAPS1 see emotion through a computer. Also, they say that you can learn more about someone in @NUM1 minutes of playing with them then in @NUM1 minutes of talking with them. With that being the case friends make friends now without even knowing that person with full understanding. Lastly, computers are doing more then good to everyone and they are becoming more and more unhealthy. With people getting less exercise, not enjoying nature as much and having less interactions people are just wasting their time infront of a computer screen getting fat rather then going outside with people and just passing a baseball. There are so many better ways people could spend their time than infront of a computer. Why don'@CAPS1 they see that?"