"Dear @CAPS1 in @CAPS2, Computers are one of the world's best discoveries today. For one, they help in our educational processes. They also help connect people from all over the world in little time and are a neccesity in science research. Overall, computers are the best thing that has ever happened to mankind. First and foremost our children today are already struggling in their educational systems. But with new computers they strive to meet every goal. Teachers cannot tell them everything but computers can, underneath that hard drive is a wealth of knowledge awaiting to be saked up by eager minds. Also, in todays world, waiting is almost non-existant. Learning to type gives these children better opportunities for success in later life. Family, say your child is out @NUM1 school day. Normally, they would miss their homework. But now, they can check it online and get back to their crucial studies when they are feeling better unless you want to risk tommorow's future workforce, computers are in essential tool for us, and our children. One of the best things a lot this world is that we're all different, connecting with each other helps us learn how to tell with each other and move forward as a society. Conneticing through the internet through programs like @ORGANIZATION1 is important for buissnesses as it helps them make decisions faster will ultimatly effect us. But don't be fooled. It can also befor pleasure, say @CAPS3'son & buissness trip in @LOCATION1. No problem. Just go on webcam with him and you don't have to miss him anymore. In the government, problems evolve quickly, and steathily. To solve this, a president can quickly connect to his/her advisors while still being in his/her office. Connecting people through computers is maraculous, and important to life as we know it. In addition, we wouldn't be were we are in science if it wasn't for computers. First of all, we are making great strides with cancer research to day, than estatic common computer. If it wasn't for that, we might not even have kemotherapy. Lets face it, computers are faster then us; way faster. But this is a god thing, because faster proccesing means faster research. While a simple machine @MONTH1 not tell us the cure through its proccesing speed. It certainly brings us a lot closer to unraveling the mysteries certain diseases shold beneath. Two minds are better than one. Even a scientist can not know everything. But while connecting through a computer to scientists all over the world, they can analize research, and make very informed, responsible decisions. Certainly that will extend our life exsentency, and who doesn't want you've larger's some people say that people are too glued to their computer screens. But bear in mind, these are the people helping you stay alive, and helping lower your heathcare bill yoour talking about. So when you get ill and they find a cure, why don't you still compain that they only found it because they were attached to their keyboards and monitors! Trust them, they know what they are doing. So can we come to an agreement life? Computers only do good things, like enhance our youth's advention, connect our and help us find cures for the most malignant diseases and illnesses in the world. So help the world help you, and go promote the use of computers across your community. It will only further advance us as a society in the end."