"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I would like to notify your business that computers benefit society. Computers allow people to talk to friends and family, they are important resources for many jobs as well as school work, and they allow people to learn and store information. Computers are one of the biggest advances we have in technology. First and foremost, computers allow people to talk to friends and family. I like to go on the computer, mostly because I'm able to speak with my friends. Computers are a good way to talk to friends that you @MONTH1 not see often or just to talk at the appropriate time. I have a facebook and I always talk to my friends about events happining in school or school work. For instance, last month I sprained my ankle and I stayed home from school for one day. So I went on facebook at around @TIME1, when everyone was home from school and my friend told me what was for homework that night. So, now because of our computers I could catch up on the work that I missed that day of school. Also, if you have family that lives far away or someone in college you can send them an email to keep in touch. My cousin is in college right now and I always talk to him on the computer to see how he is doing. For example, we always talk about sports we are involved with during that time of year. As you can see, computers are a great way to keep in touch with family and talk to friends. Secondly, computers are a big part of many peoples lives because many jobs involve computers; as well as school. Computers are a very useful piece of technology because people use computers for paying bills, jobs and more. For example, my dad tests computer programs as a job. The programs are constructed, then corrected and revised, then finally sent out all over the world. If people weren't allowed to use computers then many people would lose their jobs and many families would be in huge debt. Also, children do a lot of school work on the computer. For example, I take spanish and I earn culture points for my class by answering a question on the computer. Studies show that over @PERCENT1 of children use computers for some sort of school work. Computers are a big part of the working society today. Finally, computers allow people to learn about different places around the world. The computer holds a lot of valuble information. There is facts and fasinating pictures about different countries. It also shows people around the world the culture, style, language and many more facts about places around the world. For instance, my uncle was on the computer one day and he was looking at places in @LOCATION1 and after a long hard thinking process him and his family moved there and they still live there to this day. Computers inspire people to learn and see different places and @MONTH1 lead them to something important one day. In conclusion, I feel very strongly about how positive computers are to society today. I know that you will feel the same way because computers have so much to offer."