"Dear Newspaper, The invention of the computer has made a great impact on society today. Although many people would look upon computers on a negative note, the computer allows us to do essential task needed in everyday life. Many people feel that the applications on a computer are @CAPS1 keeps us away from doing other productive activities, but the applications a computer holds is neccessary for must tasks. Apps suchn as  the calculater saves time from doing all the work on a piece of paper. It allows you to do simple or complex math in just less than @NUM1 seconds. Its a great for finding how much a tip is, financial reasons such as now much you have to save, or even dung same basic math or science homework. Another great application is note taking that can easily be typed. This application allows you to take notes by typing, which again eliminates the need to write with a pencil or a paper. Note taking on the computer can be used for easy to read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz. The most important and must commonly used application on a computer device is the internet. The internet has over millions of websites for many reasons. If you plan to go to the movies tonight, the internet will surely give you movie times, directions, and how long the movie will be. It is also a great way to plan family trip or to book flights and such. Considering this, the apps are very useful. The computer is also a great device to use for learning. It allows you to look online about new subjects such as far away places or people @CAPS1 would our country be line if we were not educated on the outside world around us? It is also a great learning technique for research. Our teachers today gives us many projects and assignments to learn about new things, and @CAPS1 a great way to research our topic than on the computer. The fashion of the @NUM2 and @DATE1 is just a project I did last month. The computer allowed me to find the garment both women and men wore, @CAPS1 material they were made from, and even now they managed to buy and get the material. The research from my computer gave me a great understanding on my topic and helped me to learned the basics of my topic. You would probably agree that communication can be used in negative ways, but communication is @CAPS1 keep our world spinning. The computer device is one of the many devices used for communication. Email on a computer allows you to send messages to a single or multiple people whatout the need of signal or service. Blogging is also a way of communication on a computer and gives you freedom to express your feeling on education on a certain topic. The instant message is probably the must used by teens. It is quick. It allows you to quickly talk a person without waiting, for reply for more than days. In conclusion, the computer is essential to our everyday life and without the computer, our people would not function!"