"Dear newspaper, This year my school and a cop come into my school and tell me and my peers about the dangers of online. This has made me believe that computors are not beneficial. Computors are not beneficial because they enforce bad habits. Plus, websites and some applications are dangerous. Also, they are very addictive. Computors have a bad effect on people. To begin, computors enforce bad habits. For example, some websites are bad websites that say mean things about other people. Some kids @MONTH1 join in on the cyber bulling because other kids are kids @MONTH1 give in to peer pressure because they want to get accepted by their peers so badly. Furthermore, someone @MONTH1 agree to meet someone they don't know. That can be scary because you do not know if this person is really someone you thought they were. Recently, I read a magazine and it had an article in it about people going to meet other people they online. Most people found at that it was not the person they thought they were. Finally, the computor enforces bad habits because people @MONTH1 send someone some questionable pictures to someone else. As I mentioned before, when the police officer came to our school he talked about this. He said that people were sending pictures of them that were innapropiate to other people. Those other people would send it around and in the end it was a horrible mess. I'm sure if computers didn't have a giant effect on people, this would not be as big of a problem as it is. Computors do not only cause bad habits, but they are also dangerous. I'm sure if you listen to the news you will hear stories about child predators. I think that is one huge problem. If computers did not have such a on people this would not be a problem. In addition, computors are dangerous because kids @MONTH1 choose to make bad decisions because they do not knew. For example, many kids who are on myspace or facebook have not talked to their parent or guardian about internet safety. Or maybe even their parent or guardian isn't monitering them to make sure they are safe online. In conclusion, the computer is dangerous because feelings could be hurt because of myspace, facebook, a blog, a video, or maybe even more. As an illustration, one time one the news I heard a story about a girl who was tensed on the internet. She felt so bad that she committed sucide. I found that horrible. A person should never comitt sucide, especially because some other person could not be nice. To sum up, computors are very dangerous. Computors are also addictive. To start off, it makes you spend less time with your family. (not finished!!!)"