"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I understand your one trying to decide whether or not computers are bad for people. I for one thing that computers are turning our society anti-social, we are becoming obese, and there is alot of cyber bullying that happens via computers. You can learn about all this and more if read on. @CAPS2 a stated earlier computers many problems in @LOCATION1's social lives. You see @CAPS2 much @CAPS2 @PERCENT1 of our population spends at least @NUM1 hours a ween on the computer. When doing this they are typically . watching videos or tweeting a friends. This @MONTH1 all swim like a activity but it is really pulling us away from our social lives. There are many sites that allow you to chat with your friends and leave messages on their ""wall"" but is that really communicating? In a way it is but it is taking away social skills that we will need later on. You can't get a job by instant messaging a person, you have to talk face to face. But how will we be able to do that if we only email and @CAPS3? Plus while so much you will be prone to using in , thus you with, nothing but a bad grade. Now we to problem that we see occuring all over . You the work on the computer. This activity what , they monitor, lets you at , everyday, since he comes home and plays on the computer and more time exercising. Finally we come to my last issue, cyber bullying. Over @PERCENT2 of @CAPS4 teens will be faced with some sort of cyber bullying in their life. When teens sion up for facebook and twitter they are signing up for depression. When a teen starts to get bullied they usually become sad which then leads them grades to go lower due to lack of concentration and that leads them to be more depressed and that could make them either commit suicide or join gangs and/or start making bad . But we can prevent this if we the of time people out @NUM2 spend on computers. And I think benifit that. In conclusion I believe that is we are bad for society. I think them is we the amount of time could be lives. I think that if you look deep down into what it to say how you will understand why we need to do healthier @LOCATION1? "