"To use computors, or not to. That is the question. Hundreds of millions of people use computors in their daily life today, but some believe that using computors does not benefit society. It is my firm beleif that they do. Computors provide entertainment, a way to interact with people, and a nearly endless expand of knowledge. Without them, we would quickly find life to be much harder and less fun to navigate. Have you ever been in your house on a rainy day just sitting around bored because there is nothing on @CAPS1? Well I have on many ocations. When that happens, all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips. You can go on game sites and play thousands of different games. (this can also help improve your hand-eye coordination). You can also watch movies or @CAPS1 shows that you missed or want to watch again. You can even go on sites such as fanfiction.net, and read or write your own stories! Another reason why computers benifit society is that they help you interact with people. You can keep in touch with far away family members and friends using webcams email, and chat sites without the bill that would come with talking on the phone. You can also meet new people from different countries and become their. That way you learn about different ways of life and cultures. You can also quickly contact people in an emergency get updates on events, and comunicate with your teacher if you have a question about your homework. Lastly, and maybe even most importantly, computers are on enormous source of knowledge. Say you wanted to learn how to start a campfire, you could just search, ""how make fire"" a google and @NUM1 matches would be found seconds. Also, if you were asigned a project for school, you could do all of your research easily from your computor, then type the whole thing up on a word document. You can even get a college degree online if you wished. And if you want to find a resturant that specializesin @CAPS2 cooking, you can find one close to you, get directions to it, look at the menu, see the prices get the restaurant's history, cud find reveiws for it all on one magnificent little choice: your computer. So you see, computors benifit society greatly. In fact I don't think we could live without them. They provide us with entertainment, an easy way to interact with people, and a huge source of information. Now, to all of you people who still think computors are bad; I'd like to see you lost a week without using one."