"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever forgot the book you needed for homework? Did you ever miss the newest episode of your favorite show? Well, all these things and more can be solved by using the computer. The computer gives us all the things we need. Whether that's information, games, or online friend chatting websites. The computer is necessary for our society today. Countless times I was in desperate need for information. If I'm doing a school report on animals. I can just go on the computer and search whatever I want. There's no more need for driving to the town library and then searching through countless books and encyclopedias. I just think that that is a waste of time, when you basically have everything you need twenty foot away. And it's in your house! There is no more need to search for hours through biographies. If you need to know state capitals, you can find it in no time. To me, that's a life saver. Not only can computers help you with information, it can make school projects so much easier. In my own experiences, I've needed pictures on school projects. Instead of drawing it, the internet can save time and effort. All you need to do is print out the pictures! However, if you have an essay that's, let's say, supposed to be ten pages who wants to write all that? With a computer, you can type it out in half the time. Then, when done, you can print it, or even send it straight to your teacher. But, if it's not finished, you can save it on a thumbdrive, and use it on any computer you want. All in all, that's a huge help. My final reason why computers are good, is that they serve instant pleasure. Computers have millions of games that a kid can play for free. Also, it has many website, like @CAPS1, or @CAPS2, that let you interact with friends. If you need to tell them something, there is no need for a phone. Plus, if you miss certain shows, or want to watch music videos, there are websites for that. As a kid, I'm usually never home because of sports and school activites. If I miss something on @LOCATION1, it is almost definitely going to be on the computer. You don't have to wait a week or so before they replay that episode. Who wants to do that? In the end, I think computers benefit people around the world. No more driving to libraries, or going out and buying games. The computer has everything you want for free. Basically, I think the computer is a huge time and effort saver that every household needs. It definitely benefits society."