"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have heard the concern of many scientists about computers. Computers have brought us into the @DATE1 and have improved our society but they are harming our childrens health and education. Because of computers, children and adults around the world are spending less time with family and friends, they are not enjoying athletic activities and they are having health problems. Because of an increase in technology, children and adults are not spending time with their families. The computers are ruining family connections. For example, a study at @ORGANIZATION1 showed that families with more computers in their houses communicated less. The children are talking to their friends online or are going on social networking sites instead of talking in person to their family members. Also, computers are making it very hard for families to have meals together. When the children are on the computer, they do not want to leave. This obsetion with the technology is making it harder for families to grow moved and of were more succesful in school. The computers are children from a better education. Athletic activities are also suffering been so of @PERSON1, fresh air more children They will be on websites all day insted of being on a. Sports teams because of computers. The electricity that runs computers of this radiation. Being exposed to this could lead to brain damage or possible death. When my aunt bought a computer for the first time, she complained about massive headaches that kept returning. This was caused by the radiation emitted from the computer. Another health risk is obesity. When children sit in front of a computer for many hours, they have an increase in apetite. These children eat because they have nothing better to do. While on the computer, the users eat and will gain weight because of the loss of exercise. They could become obese and possibly get diabetes. Therefore, there is less communication in families, a loss of excersise, and health concerns caused by the computers. The consequences of misusing this technology are devastating and could be life thretening. Thus, I urge you to do whatever is possible to use the computer less or face the consequences that come with it."