"Computers. They are an amazing marvel of science that greatly benefits man-kind today. But computers can be good or bad depending on how you use them. Homework can be made easier, connecting with others is easier, and entertainment like @CAPS1 and video games are a click away. On the otherhand, Computers can be distracting, addicting, and tiring. It is important to know the pros and cons of computers. For example, the search engine, @ORGANIZATION1, is an easy to use website that can be very helpful. If there is a concept or problem that you are having trouble with, just type it into @ORGANIZATION1 and links to websites pop up that will help answer anything that you would like to know. There is also a website called @LOCATION1. This website is an all purpose dictinary, @CAPS2, encyclopedia and translator. I even have an application for it on my cellphone. But technology can also be distracting. Social networking websites, like facebook, games websites like @CAPS3, and also websites like @CAPS4 can be very tempting and distracting when you should be doing homework. Procrasination is very easy to give into. But self control is the only way to avoid this problem. Budgeting your time so that you can do both your homework, and go on the computer is also very important. One thing that I find very useful on computers is an online textbook. We are lucky enough today that most large books can be formated onto a computer. Instead of carrying a @NUM1-pound text book, you can just use a @NUM1 megabyte book on the internet. This makes travel to and from school much easier. That, and textbooks often use up a lot of desk space, but all you nneed is the space that a computer will consume anyway. Studying is also made easier this way. All of the things that a computer can do are great. But this can also keep us from going outside, excersising, and seing real people in real life. This need for the computer can be bad. We are too connected as a society. Our status, feelings, friends, and position in life are always needing to be updated. Distractions are everywhere. Facebook, for instance, is very addicting. You are looking at a virtual landsacape. Self control really is the only way to get off the computer and step into the real world. Overall, computers are great, but you have to know when, and how long to use it. It has several benefits such as entertainment, communication, and information. But all of these things can be just as distracting as they can be helpful. Knowing this. I hope that society can think of the pros and cons of the computer."