"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 newspaper, I firmly believe that computers do have a positive benefits on society. These advancements in technology can only enrich peoples lives. One way computer help is that students can do their school work online and see their teachers pages. Another great thing about computers is that whenever people need information or details on any place or things have can count on the internet to help them out. Most importantly they are a vital source of communication. People depend on computers for their scheduling and keeping in touch with everyone that they know. Without computers students would have it a lot worse. When a student forgets the homework, they can just go on their teachers online page and check what he assignment was for that night. Another thing that students benefit from are online textbooks. If a student can't manage to carry home @NUM1 pounds of books they can just use their textbook online. Nowadays, the internet is filled with lots of great information and educational site. Teacher also can allow students to research for projects online and participate in online educational activities. Not only do computer help out educationally' they are probably the must well known information centers. If people want to see about a restaurant, store or product, they can do that online. Also, many people want to go to destinations but do not know how to get there. The internet provides them with directions for them on how to reach their destination in a quick and efficient manner. An extremely important and helpful aspect of the internet is the ability of purchasing and ordering items online. Before someone decides to but something, they can find out all sorts of information about the product and shop around for the lowest price. People can even order groceries to new house if they are busy! I strongly think that the internet is the number one way of communication between people. For example, the team manager of my soccer team always emails me times and locations of the next game or practice. I would be lost and confused without these emails what I depend on. Buisnesses also heavily rely on the internet to keep in touch with their clients that keep them in buisness. The use of web confrences saves a lot of travel and it allows the company to be in buisness with all over the world. Above all, people depend heavily on social networking sites to keep intouch with friends, keep up to date on the news, and have fun talking to people. Without the internet, probably half of the world communications would be down and that would not be good. Computers, without do have positive effect on society. When it can be an educational resource it is very helpful. Also, it is the best information database known to and is probably the most used. Most importantly, wihout computer the world would be a mess without their main source of communications People know not to spend too much time inside and he always know when to go outside have some fun and get some fresh air. Therefore, computers have no negative effect on people and they remain an essential asset in everyday life."