"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 computers hold exclusive inofrmation, I do not believe the have a good effect on people. The majority of students today crowd around a computer while they can be taking care of their body. Such as excersising or just going outside. People need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer. Not only will computers impact people, but it @MONTH1 also impact family in friends. There will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer. Different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you into trouble. I firmly believe that computers have hamble affects on people. In @LOCATION1 today, we are already loaded with obese poeple. @NUM1 outof @NUM2 people are not physically healthy and a majority of obese people today state that they do own a computer. Computers attract people and same @MONTH1 sit at the computer for hours at a time what about excersising or enjoying the outdoors? Computers damage our bodies in a way by luering ourselves in while we can go out and enjoy nature. I definatly will argue this fact that computers have a bad effect on humans. Computer change not only the body, but mind. My sister has a computer in her bedroom and I barely see her at all. She stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five @CAPS2 to get her away from her computer. Computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization. Friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person. It's disrespectful to take time away from your friends to play on computers. This ruins many peoples social health, because the more they ignore their family or friends, these people will stop trying to interact with them. When these computer finatics came around, there want be anyone there for them. Computers definatly have an unhealthy affect on people who use them. How would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public. Nowadays, computers have a major chance to do that to you. Websites like @CAPS4, mysapce, or twitter have your information, and with a click of a button, it can be exposed to the world. Computers have a background of doing this kind of effect on people. Some dont understand what they are doing and if bad info or a picture sends out, it can fully negatively impact your career or edecation. Computers help people to make wrong choices and there is no doubt people should let up on the time they spend on the internet. Many agree, computers disadvantage many people in their own way. Whether it is by taking their health away because it keeps many indoors, or if it costs you your friends and family, computers are not good for your physical and social health. Computers can send out information and they are risky. They will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way."