"Dear @LOCATION1, Computers are a neccessity to life. They benefit not only the community but the whole world! They provide education for anyone who has access to the internet. Secondly, it's a form of communication. Also, computers can be fun and entertaining. As you know, education is one of the most important things in anyone's life. Where would we be without a computer to help? Think about how many times you've used @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS1 to search something you didn't know the answer to. It's a lot, right? I do research everytime I get a random question jammed in my head. Imagine how tough it would be without a computer to rely on when you have no idea how to answer something. Another thing is there are online courses now for students. Some college students have to look up their assignments and how to do them on their professors web page. Also, how world students know what their homework is if they can't check the @PERSON1 homepage? I check it almost everyday when I come home from school. It's great that the teachers care enough to post the homework. Without computers, we'd have a higher percentage of students not doing their homework. @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 people in @LOCATION2 has some form of online communication program. Whether it's @ORGANIZATION3 @CAPS2 or @CAPS3, maybe even youtube, or just a simple e-mail, practically everyone has one. How else are yousupposed to talk to your friends after school? What do you expect us to do call them? Then wwwe would be on the phone for hours! Anybody with a teen at home knows that. Also, computers help deaf people talk. They just type in what they want to say and out it comes.I remember when a lady came to our school who was blind and deaf and she demonstrated how to use that special program. Another reason is teachers and parents use e-mail to talk about academics and their children. Clearly communication is a must have. Therefore, computers are a benefit to society. There is no way that anybody over the age of @NUM3 has never played a computer game sometime in their life. Except, of course, if they don't have internet access. I know I used to play computer games, but they started to slow down my computer so my dad told me I had to stop or I can't use the computer anymore. Woops! Still, you can use the computer to look up cheats on video games. Oh come on like you haven't done that! Or at least your children have. Also, you can use specific programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 or @CAPS5 @CAPS6 to create a cover page for a project or a presentation for your corporal business. In other words, computers are pleasurable. As you can see, computers are extremely educational. They provide search engines to figure out anything you're ever wanted to know about. Like, foreign places or movies. Anything. Also, we wouldn't have as much communication with people. How would we e-mail friends in @LOCATION3 without computers? Finally, you can find pleasure in computers. They are beneficial."