"Dear @PERSON1 the editor of the @LOCATION1 citizen, @CAPS1 has been brought to my attention from some people around @LOCATION1 that computers and technology are bad for us. I have also heard that people believe in the tecnology. So, the reason why I'm writing today is about this issue is to put my beliefs out there. I believe that this new technology is effecting our daily exercising, playing outside to enjoy nature and interacting with friends and family. Now that are new technology with computers and such, people are distracted and do not want to exercise. This will effect our youth because we will be fat, unhealthy and sluggish all the time. @PERSON1 we don't want this to happen to our youth because we are the future and if this keeps up the state and country will suffer. Another reason is that its good to exercise and not be on the computer or watching @CAPS2 all the time is because @CAPS1 has been proven you have more energy and will feel happier most of the time. Computers do not do that for us at all. A poll even says that @PERCENT1 of people get headaches and feel tired after being on the computer. Exercise won't do that at all. Sence all of our new technology with @CAPS2 and other gagits people really don't go outside play around and enjoy nature anymore. I was asking my mother about this topic and she said, ""@CAPS4 these days just don't go outside anymore. I remember when I was your age and my mother would kick me outside at @NUM1 am and I wouldn't be back home until around @NUM2 pm."" I believe that this should still happen. Maybe parents should still do this with their @CAPS4 and have them run around the neigborhood with other @CAPS4. If we did this more offtine maybe @CAPS4 and adults too. will just do this naturally and will not have to relie on computers or @CAPS5 for entertainment. Don't you think this is a good idea @PERSON1? My last topic is with computers and cellphone and how we really don't interact with friends and family anymore. Now a days Friends aim, video chat or text each other instead of going and doing something with them. This isn't really healthy for us because we might not know how to talk to people in real life. Also is someone aims or texts you, you really don't know how their tone is because you are not talking to them face to face. Lastly I know familys that get hurt by technology because that is all they do. They don't put down their get off their emails and they feel like they don't see each other. This is also not a health relationship with family members. @PERSON1 I really hope I have persuade to you that technology is only ok to use sometime and not very day. Remember technology is bad because we don't exerce, play outside and enjoy nature and really don't interact with friends and family members. Thank you for your time."