"Lies! The computers we use in society do not harm us in any way! They are a huge step forward for mankind and only benefit our lives. They benefit us greatly for the following reasons: computers are a source of knowledge, computers can aid the advertizment and buissness of many workplaces, and they are a very helpful and easy way to communicate with someone across the street or across the ocean. Without a dabt computers do nothing but benefit the people of our society. First of all, computers are a big source of knowledge. Many people @MONTH1 want answers to a question they have encounterned recently but cannot find the answers in a book or newspaper so they turn to a computer and immediatley their problem is solved. Computers today hold every bit of information on every topic imaginable from history to politics. All one has to do is find a site such as @ORGANIZATION1, type there question, and millions of answers pop up assuring a solution to the problem. Computers can also provide a place to research for a project or statistics of the economy if needed by school, buisness, or just for recreation. Times are changing fast and the sources of the worlds history and school subjects can easily be found in the corner of the internet. What you @MONTH1 have looked for in books and papers can be easily found on internet at the click of a button. Clearly, computers are a huge source of knowledge for our society. Second of all, computers and the internet support many buisnesses in advertising and making profit. Every single time a visit to the internet occurs many different buisnesses are able to advertise their products and overall buisnesses with pop-ups, side bars and websites. It clearly helps the workplace get attention. Along with advertising products buisnesses can even sell their products online without doing a thing. This can also aid the consumer because they would not have to drive all the way down to the store and pick up what they need. All they need to do is select the items they wish to purchase and await for its arrival a few days later. Clearly, the computer and internet can help support the welfare of buisnesses. Finally, the computers we use today are a huge and easy way of communication. Contact with people from another street, town, state, country, can be established by the use of social networking sites such as, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3. You could send a letter with the touch of a button with out having to make a trip down to the post office and await a reply. An instant message, which can be used on any of the sites mentioned can also be achieved. This is where you could write something down in the computer, send it to anyone and receive a reply within seconds. Obviously, computers play a big role in the communication of one to another without a problem. In conclusion, it is clear computers benefit the society greatly without a side effect at all. Computers are a good source of knowledge, an aid to buisness, anda great way of communication. Everyone as agreed to this without hesitation so you should too. Computers are the best things that have ever happened to our society today."