"Dear @CAPS1 post, Computers are an advance in technology, in a good way. They do benifit are society grately. Its a way that family members can keep in touch, it makes your life easier booking a flight and keeping a flight and tastly they help kids with school work. They can bring people together. Firstly, they are a great way to keep in touch. In my own expierence I have a brother at college and when I miss him or need to talk to him I can always send him an email or vidoe chat with him. Do you have someone, you don't get to see everyday? It can really make your family closer, because you talk more, with your realitives, and with friends. Friends more and go away but you can always chat it you need them. In a time of pain all you want is a friend. When the friends away, a computer probably helped our, too, just getting there. Booking plans without a computer would be a hasal, waitting on the phone for hours, at end, with computers you can do it all in all about five minutes. I have had a expierence when my plane was canceless but didn't know until, she went on the computer and checked. So she just switche are flight and we were off but could you imagine going the next day to find out that your flight was canceled and try all day to get on a flight and might not. With computers you can check every hour on the hour if you like. It well even say if there delayed so you don't wait in the airport for five hours. When it comes to traveling computers are a hesasity. Has that ever happened to you? Most likly. Yes once you were happy you had a computer. On the other hand, it also helps with your education. When class is over and your teacher is trying to scramble to get the homework out, mostly no ones listioning all they want to do is scat. About nine out or ten kids won't know the assignment when they get home that night. I know thats happened to me. As a eighth grader you probably did the of just forgeting all about and just taking the concerned. You could use your computer. Most schools use some or device, here at @CAPS2 he have were all are teachers post, grades, test/quizs coming up and homework. It's just one click away from every thing we need. It all right there, together. Most @CAPS3 kuchers will be a let happier if their kids come, in with there homework then without. Wouldn't you be? From school fund raisers to the lunch menu its all there. In conclusion, computers do help us from everyday use. to special uses. It helps use make are family stronger, help us keep are flight out and help us get homework, for school the next day. Computers are a help to the society, in a great and convienent way."