"Dear Newspaper, People use computers in their everyday lifes, & having computers has become customary to many people throughout the @LOCATION1. We go on computers for research, writing papers, or just for pure entertainment, in all these ways computers are very helpful. But, like all good things, too much computer time can be harmful. Sure they provide our lives with knowledge, info on the outside world, & connections with people from just about anywhere, but some of us become too attached with this virtual life instead of living our own real lifes. This happens to many people, some don't even notice what computers are doing to them. For most people, life @MONTH1 be challenging & the real world to stressing, so they retire to the computer for awhile, & to me this is fine, but when someone were to keep doing this it would become an addiction. Instead of relaxing by taking a walk or reading a book, they go to the computer, this would not be good for their social life or their minds. In my opinion, minds need to think, they need excerise by puzzling over something or figuring out a problem. Sure you think your brain is thinking by playing a challenging computer game, & sure, in some ways, it is. But it could reach its full potential by doing something else thats not straining your eyes so much. Computers can be good, but not for everything in your life. Now what about your social life Computers can be a helpful resource in many ways, but not if you let them become a destruction. This @MONTH1 happen by letting the computer be your constant companion. Now a days people have come up with online games where you can interact with other people. This isn't neccessarily bad unless your whole social life is only with these online people that you really don't know, instead of with real people that you see at school or meet on the everyday streets so what I'm saying is that a talking with people online isn't bad as long as you put them as secondary friends & have real people come first. Like I said in the beginning computers are part of our everyday life, and its not a bad thing, they can be very helpful. But you must control what you do on them and how much you use them. If you do that you will most likely have a much more balanced lifestyle. Making you, your friends, & family a whole lot happier."