"Dear Newspaper, Computers today have a negative effect on people. The valuable time of getting daily exercise is reduced, you will not see your family enough and some of the costs are outrageous! Owning a computer is surely not a good idea. is sitting around all day your idea of a workout? Having a computer would be very bad for your physical lifestyle. Clicking a mouse & typing away are only moving your hands, not your whole body. An individual who doesn't use the computer daily, or f or large amounts of time would be healthier than someone who always uses the computer. I remember seeing a commercial about @NUM1 children & how their lives eneded up later on in life just by their computer usage as a ""tween."" Not only will you be unhealthy but anti-socialism is probable too. Many kids, or even adults, spend precious family time playing the sims @NUM2 creating their own ideal family. This however, is not acceptable. Spending time with your family is something precious. When asked about computer usage, @PERSON1 said, ""you could easily became addicted with just @NUM2 turns!"" @CAPS1 you are addicted, both your family & you suffer. They will stop inviting you places. You wouldn't want to loose the people who are going to be ther for you, on another what. ""@CAPS2!"" shouts your computer. You have another virus. uh oh, it's deleting your hardware: all your scholastic essays, important book-marked websites & sentimental photographs. Do you have any idea how much it would cost to even try to retrieve this data? Well, it'd be alot. I know youre probably thinking, ""This couldn't happen to me,"" but in reality; yes it can storing things on a computer is much riskier than having a hard copy. It will also save you more money. Furthermore, appliances use electricity @CAPS1 they're even plugged into an outlet! So when you get your electric bill, don't be surprised, computers can be very costly which, is why it's not worth it to have one. Computers are just another unnecessary thing in life. It will take away from your over-all health, reduce family time, & cost you same big bucks. It is a fact that you can survive without a computer. But without hjealth? Well, you'd be dead. I you to consider my ideas."