"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Computers have a positive impact on people. Although people aren't outside being active, computers still benefit in a good way. Computers teach hand-eye coordination they're convient and you can interact online with diffrent types of people. Surely, computers teach hand-eye coordination. There are many website on the internet that teach kids to type. Typing helps kids learn the alphabet, learn what the letters look like and shows them where the keys are. Also, there are other sites where the computer interacts with you. Last, there are many kids even adults who have disiexing and get their letters jumbled, but there are softwares where when you type it will say what letter you have typed. Therefore computer teach hand-eye coordination. Have you ever been one of those students who write their papers, but get bad grades because their handwriting was messy? Using a computer is more convient and will make your due assignment as neat as ever. First, computer are convient because you have the answer to any question just at the click of button. Next, theres no need to spend money and go buy a book to look up research just research online for free. Finally, it is convinient for teachers and your employees, because if you need to send in a paper do it via-email. Getting a paper by email is much easier than getting it in pen with samples. Computer are convient in many ways. Computers allow people @NUM1 video chat and talk online. First, there are many families who have at least one member who lives in a different place. Computer allow families to see each other online. Without ever leaving their state. Next, there are other families who have a mom, dad, husband or wife in the army and haven't seen each other in person in years, but see each other on line. Lastly, there are many students and teachers who teach and learn online. This is easy for most people who have busy lives. Therefore you can interact online. As you can see computers have a positive effect. They teach hand eye coordination. They supply online chat, and are very convient. So next time you go to the library to research a book, stay at home do the same online."