"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, The average teenager spends @NUM1 hours on a computer daily! People spend too much time on their computers. They don't exercise as much nowadays. Also, they don't enjoy all the wonderful nature the has to offer. Most importantly, people who spend too much time on the computer don't see their family and friends. These are the reasons why people shouldn't spend so much of their time on a computer. Since people spend too much time on the computer, the exercise less and less. A recent poll shwos that @NUM2 in every @NUM3 @CAPS5 is overweight. If our modern society didn't have so many distractions like computers than maybe people would be bore & maybe fo outside. Back in @DATE5 only @PERCENT2 of the @CAPS6 population was obese. So, why in @DATE6 has this number skyrocketted to @PERCENT1? Back then electronics weren't popular so for fun, kids played games with eachother outside on a regular basis. Now it's rare for a kids to be motivated to put down the mouse, and go play kickball with neighborhood) friends. The kids would rather sit inside a airconditioned hoose thatn go outside & have some good healthy fun & work up a sweat. Computers keep people from exercising so their affect on people is negative. With computers being so popular, people are less involved with nature. Our society doesn't take the time to notice the cool breeze on an @DATE4 @TIME1, or the waves crashing on a hot @DATE3 @TIME1. They don't take time to appreciate has beautiful the follage is in @DATE2, or now it feels to be showered with snow on a chilly @DATE1 @TIME1. People would rather sit at a computer for @NUM4 hours doing wonders of our world. People don't respect the natural beauties that nature has to offer. Computers take away from people enjoying nature's joy. Computers run people's relationships with family and friend. @NUM5 year old @CAPS7 would rather talk to his girlfriend on the computer than spen time with this @CAPS8. Kids don't organize their priorities we enough. as it is, adding a computer into the mix just makes it worse. Peple have accounts on social networking sites like facebook and sometimes they are very drame filled and cause problems. Friendships are easily ruined and usually the cause of this is some kind of misunderstanding. It is very sad but true that kids would rather watch goofy vidoes than visit a grandparent. Computers are negative to people since they ruin their relationships with friends and family. People should spend less time on the computer. Computers are a main factor in the vast increase in obesity rates. Kids need to regain healthyness before it's too late! Also, people of all ages should realize the natural beauty of naturel, but computers get in the way of that. Most importantly, computers ruin many relationships with friends and family. The cause stress and unnecessary drama. As you can see, computer have a negative affect on people."