"When your were a kid, did your parents let you play all day on the computer? Well my parents don't let me and I think thats not fair. I think it's not fair because being on the computer has a lot of benefits, like teaching you hand-eye cordination. Another advantage is that when your on the computer you can chat with people through webcams. Also with a computer you can do homework assignments for something that requires you to do research. And of course when your on a computer, you can watch your favorite movie or t.v show, like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Now aren't these some great advantages? As an adult @CAPS5 pretty sure that you like to do a lot of things from the comfort of your own home, well when you have a computer you can. One way you can keep in touch is by online chatting like through the webcam or my favorite @CAPS6 which stands for aol instant messaging. Surprisingly, another thing you can do is work online by setting it up at work or telling your boss how to do it. By the way your an adult who didn't go to college when you were @NUM1 because you had to work well. If you have a computer or laptop you can go to school online and the best thing is that you'll be in your bed nice and warm without any worries. Now don't you thinkg that is a nice way to spend your @DATE1 @TIME1? When your a kid my age when you have a computer all you want to do is play games online with friends. Well that is what must of us kids do nowadays but our parents don't let us play to much. The only time they let us stay long is when we maybe doing a project for school. But when your a kid besides playing games all day, we also want to learn about things like @LOCATION1 or the @CAPS7 @CAPS8 that's what you. Most people would agree that when you have a computer you can just book a hotel online of going all the way to the hotel. Of course that what my parents do, everytime a vacation they look everything online like the hotel, the, and the. yes having a computer is helpful. Another thing you can do is watch movies online when you are on a plane going to the vacation, because that's what I do with my laptop. But the thing I like the most is watching shows because everytime I watch different episodes of @CAPS9 @PERSON1 the time goes by so quick that a @NUM2 hour flight only seems like @NUM3 hours. Finally, I have explained to you why having a computer is a good thing. One reason is because you can do a lot of things on the computer itself. A second reason is that you can do alot of school work with it like doing a research paper or going to school online. And my final reason was that you can book things online without going anywhere, wasting gas. So now it's your turn to decide whether having a computer is a good thing or a bad thing."