"Computers are one of the best advances in technology ever made. Not only are computers fun but they're also very beneficial to society. First off, comptuers are great way to communicate with other people whether it's instant-messageing, email, video-messaging, or services like @ORGANIZATION1. @DATE1, Computers offer many learning opportunities. There are thousands or websites with information about your search whether it be about simple things like how to bake cookies or even more complex searches like how many stars are in the sky. Last but not least, computers just simply make life easier by helping you with everday needs. To begin, computers are a great source of communication. I remember a time when my father traveled to @LOCATION1 on business. Because it costs so much money to pay for international cellphone service, my dad could not call using his cell phone. Instead, my father called using @ORGANIZATION1. It was great because it was right on the computer. Besides making live communication easier, computers also help to communicate news, weather few weeks ago, the the home was out. It was to shout the @DATE1, so my family had no way to. Since are than our cable provider, we were able to look up. School was indeed our computer, we world. Plus, computers offer more learning opportunities. Aside from being a great source of communication, computers are fantastic for searching and research. For almost all of my school assignments that required research, I've used a computer. Sometimes, you can even find articles from library books online. Some people say that the library is always the best place to find information but I disagree. More than half the time, the internet has beyond enough information for what I need. Studies show that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people say that computers answered their question better than any library book, did. Also, computers make life a whole lot easier. Computers make life so much easier. From typing to research to communicating and even to making travel arangements, computers help to make everday chores a lot easier. When my cousing was in highschool, she was assigned a @NUM3 word essay for homework. First off, it's pain having to count everyword and also, most importantly it's no fun having to write that much so my cousin decide to just type it. It saves time and is way neater. She finish her typed essay in @NUM4 hour while love friend finished in an @NUM4 @NUM4/2 hours because she hand wrote it. Its you on computers are esier. To conclude, computers are beneficial because they're a great source of communication, they offer many learning opportunities, and they make life so much easier. Thank you for reading, and I hope I've persuaded you to agree with my position that computers are one of the best advances in technology ever accomplished and why they are so beneficial to society."