"Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever thought about how computers effect human beings? The impacts? The results? The education? I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Computers allow people to talk with others online, have the ability to educate in certain areas, and teach hand-eye coordination. Who says the only way to contact or communicate with someone is through letters or the phone? The technology brought upon using computers allows people to talk online with others in a fast, easy, enjoyable way. Have a question that you have to ask a friend, but someone else is using the phone? Write a letter! Oh wait, letters can take up todays and your question is urgent! The computer is an easy alternative for communication. Say you're an amazing singer with a beautiful voice and you want to find an agent more than anything. Computers are so advanced in technology that they can find you an agent in no time. E-mail, websites, @CAPS1, and more, are all ways you can contact that agent. Computers are a great way to communicate. The mind is an extrordinary thing. It can be filled with knowledge, and still have the ability to learn and understand more. Reading books is a fantastic way to learn, but the internet has so much more to offer and you are not only reading from one great author, but tons of great authors. The computer allows you to learn about far away places and important people without making that trip to the library. Have you ever heard of online colleges? They are advertised on @CAPS2.V. all the time. Some people @MONTH1 think that learning from home, laying in bed with a laptop placed in front of them is a distractive way to learn. But what about being comfortable and not intiminated by anyone else around you? Computers can help you get your college degree in a comfortable environment. Hand-eye coordinatin is an excellet and wonderful thing to have. Along with videogames, computer games teach you exactly that. Parents @MONTH1 think we kids are wasting our time playing games on the computer, but we are actually challenging our minds and our hand-eye coordinatin ability. Computers are key when it comes to pysicological learing. Handeye coordinatin is taught to us through games and such that we play without us even knowing it. Hand-eye coordination allows us to catch a ball or play sports, and computers help us acheive that."