"@ORGANIZATION1, With the recent development @MONEY1 technology in todays society I know that there is a lot @MONEY1 controversy with computers. Many people believe that computers are positive towards our society. While others disagree. I feel that technology can be both good and bad. Technology provides great advancements in our world. But people experience less @MONEY1 the outside world when they surround themselves with technology. But I feel that we can find a balance between the two views. Having computers has brought a lot @MONEY1 advancement in todays society. Look at modern medicine, it would be nothing without todays technology in computers. We can look at todays military. Computers practically run todays armed forces. But who knows where technology can take us. Our society could continue to greatly advance with the help @MONEY1 computers. But then again we could all wonder where would we be today without computers. So @ORGANIZATION1, as you can see computers have helped our society greatly with improvement and progression. But with all @MONEY1 this technology we still need to find a balance. It is live todays @CAPS1 spend cover @NUM1 hours per week on computers. People are not experiencing the world outside @MONEY1 their computers. Our state does put in @MONEY1 each year for our parks just so we can ignore them. Also with increased computer time people are not getting outside. They aren‰Ûªt getting proper exercise. You @MONTH1 even notice that if you use the computer too much you will miss more interactions with your family. So although computers can be very useful you need to be able to turn off the computer and realize the true important things in your life, besides the computers. computers can be both good and bad. But I think that we need to find a balance between the two. Computers are useful to our daily life but at the same time we also need to realize that we need to sometimes take a break from our computers. Lets face it without computers today we would not be able to function. Entire companies revolve around computers and if computers just ended, @MONEY1 @MONEY1 people would lose their jobs. But also regular people, for example teens, do not need to be on the computer for four hours a day. Those four hours could be spent with their families. We need to find a balance. For example, you could say for every hour your on the computer you need to spend that same hour to go outside, spend time with your family, etc. Computers are useful but we cannot over use it. So, to the @ORGANIZATION1, computers help our society thrive. But at the same time we need to learn when we have had enough time on the computer. So I believe that we can call find a healthy balance @MONEY1 computer use."