"When you are using technology usually it is work related. A computer is used for work to write essays, make power points, and research, when people use them for facebook, myspace, @CAPS1, and other chat live oovoo and websites it is more for their pleasure. I only go on facebook when I am checking my schedule for hockey, most kids use it for talk. Then there is oovoo & online video chat used for talking with friends but why not just callem'up. When I think of facebook or oovoo, or even myspace it makes me think of inapropriate pictures kids, and adults post. I think that is very unhumane and that is very dangerous to post ot because once it's out there you'll never get it back. For instance I am always outsided hanginaround when it's warm out, during winter I can understand going on facebook, but during the @DATE1 there is no need just go outside and have fun. Kids wonder why they gain weight we'll if you'de get off your computer, and quit eating twinkies then you'll notice you just have to be active. some kids parents don't really give a flying faldoodle what their kids do all day. They don't care if their kid is @NUM1 lbs. at the age of @NUM2. They don't care if their kids are sitting on the computer eating all-day. If i could tell you what it must feel like to be a couch potato I would but I never go on the computer unless it is for homework. I used the computer just @TIME1 I typed up all of my homework except for my math. I didn't play one game, I didn't check email go on the internet or anything I just worked my hardest and got it done. I conclude this with the fact that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly and not exercising is. A computer shouldn't need to be used for pleasure it's not created to do so it's created to keep your life simpler. People pay money to buy a expensive computer and motem and all that expensive technological accesories, to make their lives much simpler not anywhere in thes essay did I say to play games because it's not. Playing games can be done outside, it doesn't have to be inside, and definately doesn't have to be on a computer. To make everyones life easier kids, get off your lazy butts, get off the twinkies, and stop playing on the computer. "