"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 are very dangerous to the modern day socity and how we are connected to them. So I belive that these atroshish things should bery well be disposed of. There are good reasons of thinking such a thought that is in this time with such an eviormetal breakdwon we need to get close to nature while it's still here. Next today our interaction is very low when if your talking about actuall talking to the person and because of computers it makes @CAPS3 all the more lazy while sitting around doing nothing. Lastly the @CAPS2 is harmful and expensive not to menshon the fact that the enviorment is already falling apart. The way natures heading we will all end up dieing no thanks to computers. First how hamful it today is @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 own computers. In america theres only @PERCENT2 is nature with nice forest but as people reporduce more will be gone forever due to expantion. So be one of the @NUM1 out of @NUM2 that instead of staing iside views the great things the earth has to offer. Next these computers our little robots that are really taking over the world and its getting very dangerous with how much it's destroying the ability for humans to breath this happens because theres a hipno disk in all computers making us stay close sufficating us like a deadly drug it's a horrible addiction. Lastly @PERCENT3 of deaths are due to @CAPS2 overloads imagene all the lives that could be saved if they just went to breath every @NUM3 minets I mean on average @NUM4 hours a day your looking at a @CAPS2 take time off make a goal for say @NUM5 hours. This addiction will kill us and knone knows how to talk about it. Secondly, millions on top of millions live in the @LOCATION1 @NUM6 keep on their computers for ours on a time you would think that their alone in every @NUM7 people are done the rest are being killed by chatting on the @CAPS2 and letting their life flow right out of the window. Now interaction is harmful as you already know but you forgot @NUM8 a day do elligal things on the internet like download music wich they shouldn't be they could be put away for up to @NUM9 years for this talk about an iteraction, with the police. Lastly web inter action like myspace they haves satified sexual effenders who could come to your house at only time and take you away would you like that to happen you could never see your family in every @NUM10 people @PERCENT4 are kidnapped due to myspace alone stand up out of danger. Thats a harmful work it is. Finally the dangers of a world like this with how the government whats to mess you up. These people are considered are mad and dangerous with laywars who want to get you. One in every @NUM11 people can't keep up with payments. Next did you forget about those other @PERCENT3 who dont have computers they are living the life walking with @CAPS4 on the edge of myth. Lastly and unfortunatly those @PERCENT1 perstent witho computers are likly to die within the next @NUM12 years due to a dealy poisin that the compute diliveres to your brain. In conclution this world can be one of the more angerest. So come to gether get a friend go for a run now and then. No friends go talk see your family instead of one of those vertual meaings. Just keep in mind the dangers of the @CAPS2 world and how it wants your money. Now what we need to do is attak the robots back. People should go for a run cut of some of the obisity from sitting down all day lose @NUM9 pounds or more. Remember the world would survive if you trash that zombie @CAPS2 room. Get outside go for a road trip save life humanity your fellow niebor your family."