"Dear, Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 @PERCENT2 of the people would agree that computers are useful and by having them they help ability to learn about faw away place. They also, allow people to talk to other people online. Lastly, computers are importat @CAPS2 people that work with them. there are many reasons why I believe that computers benefit our society. Do you know that computers give people the ability to learn about faw away places. Sometimes people, dont know when they want to leave the country. With a computer you can organize it all. Somoe people like my family, like to go visit their familys in other places, @CAPS2 example, once my mom told me we were going on a trip to @LOCATION1 to go visit our family she told me she already got the tickets on the computer. I was very happy when we went and I saw how beautiful @LOCATION1 is. Some people like to see new and beautiful places. Such as , @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2 and even @LOCATION4. Let me tell you about how computers allow people to talk to other people online. Most people have myspace and that allows kids my age to keep in touch. Also, facebook that you can and people that you probly havent seen in a long time. @CAPS2 exsample, one time I was looking aroung facebook and found my old bestfriend @PERSON1. I was so happy cause when she moved I thought i would never talk to her again. I am @PERCENT1 positive that everyone in this world has a yahoo you could find people really quikck and talk to them. Would you belive that there is so many jobs and responsibilities that require you to have a computer. Such as scientists they all have to have computers or else they wouldnt be able to invient all the great things they make. Also, secretaries they have asign dates @CAPS2 their bosses. @CAPS2 exsample, a secretary @CAPS2 doctor has to be able to give and to change appointments. Lastly, students that go to school and most importantly collage with no computers, they wont be able to do their homework. Most people would agree that computers have a positive affect on people. @CAPS2 the reasons that they give the ability to learn about faw away places, allow people to talk to other people online. Computers are very important to people who work with them."