"Dear residents of @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that there has been some controversy about whether or not computers are a good thing and/or helpful to society. I strongly believe that computers are a very helpful resource that make day to day life easier. Computers can help us in so many ways including making learning easier, helps students do better in @CAPS4, nad serves as a great teaching tool. One reason that I support computers is because they make learning easier. You might ask hao a screen and a keyboard can make learning easier, @CAPS1 sounds crazy, but its true! Let's say you're a middle @CAPS4 student that has been assigned to write a paper on a designated topic; @CAPS2 instead of spending hours upon hours looking for the right information in a library, you could just google search what your topic in and @CAPS3! You have exactly what you need to know in front of you within seconds, prettty cool right? Still don't believe computers are helpful? What if I told you @CAPS1 allowed students to do better in @CAPS4? That's right, computers allow students to do better in @CAPS4. Websites such as edline allow teachers to post their students grades very quickly. How is this helpful? When you take a quiz your treacher has to grade over @NUM1 quizzes! And with things like absentees, weekends and vacations, the day you get your quiz back gets delayed further. Sometimes kids don't get their quizzes back for two weeks after they took them! By the time you get @CAPS1 back @CAPS1's time for a chapter test with @PERCENT1 of your grade and you just found out you didn't do @CAPS2 on one of the sections! This lowers your ability to do @CAPS2 on the test. But if your grade was posted on the internet days before , you will have more time to study and know what to study and you will do @CAPS2 on the test. As you can see, computers are very helpful for students, but are they good for teachers too? The answer is yes, computers are a good teaching tool. Has this ever happened to you? No matter how much your teacher explains to you, @CAPS1 just seems like there are speaking another language? @CAPS2 what if they showed you a cool video on youtube explaining @CAPS1? Would you learn better with a visual in front of you? I sure would. Computers are also great for teachers because @CAPS1 gives them the ability to email other teachers if there is a problem and get the latest information about the @CAPS4 and what's going on. Do you understand why computers are useful, now? I hope you realize how useful computers are because they make learning easier, allow students to do better in @CAPS4, and are a great learning tool. These are only some of the many reasons computers are useful and I hope you keep using them in our community."