"Dear Newspaper, I often think about the effect of technology on humans. The human race has discovered many things but our biggest advance is technology. New machines are robots are built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial minds is rapidly growing. The most widely used machine is the computer. People use it for all sorts of things, communucation, awareness and learning and entertainment. Some experts are concerned that people spend too much time on computers and it couldn't agree more. Computers maybe useful but they are over used. People spend more time staring at the screen than exercising and interacting with friends and family. Computers are also not always dependable or safe. First of all, the biggest computer users are adolesents. Young adults spend hours on websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 communicating with their friends. At their young age, exercise is very important. Obesity in children from lack of exercise is becoming very common, and its because young people are glued to their computer screens. The averange child need @NUM1 minutes of exercise a day, and many have very little none. I say the computers are ok, but only in small doses. The growing mind and body needs to move and exercise. If internet use among children and teenagers is not cut back, some worry that there will be a lot more health problems in the future. Although it is very east to quickly communicat through the internet, it can sometimes do more harm than good. Kids who spend hours @CAPS4 or emailing their peers spend less time with their families. I've heard parents say they barely see their kids because their always either doing homework. Also, @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversations are fading. Because of the internet, people no longer need to get together and talk, @CAPS6 turn on their computers, which is a waste of energy. Why not just go see your friend @CAPS6 of typing all day? Lastly, computers have just as many disadvantages as they do advantages. There are plenty of dangers out there in @LOCATION1. Online predators lurk as many comers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen. The risk of any of these things happening is very high. Its better safe than sorry. So, if you think about it, we really don't need computers to survive. You need your exercise, don't blow it off for online chat. Also, its very important to interact and be part of your family, and less internet use will cut down the risk of identity theft, or any other problem or virus. It's your time now. Get outside have @CAPS5 to @CAPS5 conversation with a friend and internet with your family. You can be healthy, happy, and safe without constantly typing any at the keyboard."