"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, I believe that computers benefit society. Computers are a wonderful household object to have that make life easier in many ways. Computers allow the everyday family to see new places, through photos online, and people, through the internet. Computers also provide a social networking throught a community, state, or even a country! Lastly, a computer is another resort to go to when trying to accomplish something, because there is always something on the internet that will help you. There's a famous quote that goes, ""the largest room in the world, is the room for improvement."" In my opinion, the computers could make that room a little smaller. While experts say that computers are making people spend too much time indoors, and not too much time seeing the wonders of nature outside, the computer can prove them wrong. The internet is a wide ocean of pictures, wordes, and sounds. The computer is the item that organizes it, for your entertainment. There is a picture of just about anything imaginaeable on the internet; from the palm shaped islands of @LOCATION1, to the frozen @CAPS1 tundra in the @LOCATION3. You are able to see penguins in the southern ice cap and the ricefields of @LOCATION2 a bird's eye view all by simply moving your fingers. It's also possible not just to see places but to see people from how for the distance is! Today, people are sending pictures to and from each other via emails. People are actually sharing their memories with each other, all thanks for the computer. I hope what I have just explained now helps me make my. Computers are only here to make our lives. Imagine talking to your friends, not having an with his ever leaving your room. This would or even an impossibility fifty or seventy @DATE1, but this is People's social relationship have greatly progressed the half and it only goes has allowed people to their up on the their up on the their with their family and friends. I'll always a positive thing, using this right way. Having your house to tell, individually, your friend about your time to disney world is such a hastle. If you just put the pictures on a social networking system, like facebook, or twitter, memories will be stored through, litterally, the clicks of aborton. Memories are shared thanks to the social networking ability of the computer. Planing a vacation is a trough job to do, but what if that job could all take place in our sport? An entire vacation can be planned, confirmed and paid for thanks to the computer. Jobs that would normally take hours of researching and calling can be done in @DATE1 minuets for less using the computer. This allows people more time to go have fun with their lives and not have to worry about plannings. Computers allow people to compress hours of work into a matter of minutes. Experts say that computers are taking away people's lives"" I would disagree, because; people are new places or people, social networking is more advanced, and time that could have been spent planning is now living."