"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I am aware that some people think computers have a negative affect on others, but I think it's the opposite. Computers have completely changed the world. People can save work on them, visually experience things they've never seen before, or even catch up with old buddies. In my opinion computers have a positive affect on people. With computers you can create documents, pictures, and even movies that will stay on your computer forever. How about your newspaper company? Does somebody hand write every paper that comes out? Without computers hundreds of copies of your newspaper wouldn't be able to b made every day. Not to mention, what would happen if you didn't use computers and a fire occured? All of your hard work will be turned into ash, but if it was on the computer you be able to retrieve it. You can save anything on a computer. Another reason why computers have a positive affect on people is because throught the internet you can visually experience places or things you couldn't before. If I was going to book a vacation I wouldn't just trust a book, I would wont to go on the computer so I could see pictures, videos, or hundreds of other articles I couldn't see anywhere else. This goes for anything else like furniture, instruments or even cloths. Computers offer alternative views that books don't. Not only can computers save data and give you visuals, but they give you an oportunity to catch up with old friends, relatives, or even meet new people! Instead of endlessly searching through phone books you can just type in their name and you bound to find somewhere on the internet. Popular websites like @CAPS1 make this extremely easy. When my dad was in search of his childhood friend he typed his name on @CAPS1 and ended up calling him @NUM1 minutes later! That wouldn't have been possible without computers. Computers truley do have a positive affect on people everywhere without them many things today wouldn't be possible. Hopefully others will agree with me too."