"I think that computers help people in there everyday lives. They just make things so much easier. Computers help us to find information @CAPS2 we needed. Book hotels and airliners, they even allow us to interact with our friends. Yes it might take away times to do other things like exercising, but we can find out away to do both. Everyday I would go on the computer a little bit and then go outside for an hour to play basket ball. People just need to find a way to it out. Computers are good for if you need to find information about anything. All you need to do is type in what you want, and within seconds you have hundreds of different links for your desire. For example if you are in @CAPS1 school and you are deciding what college that you should go try the a great place that you can go to get information. People all over the world do that just about everyday. It is also a great place if you need information if you are doing a project in school and you need more info on your subject @CAPS2 I say it make things a lot easier there is no better example a reservation for a hotel or buying a plane ticket. Both of those things do on a computer because otherwise odds are you with of then. If we didn't have computers you would need to go to the hotel and get a room, and if there were no room you out of luck. On a computer it will say if they have any or not you would need to @CAPS3 tickets would have the exact same thing. Computer say @CAPS2 there are available flights to your destination and how much. So @CAPS2 you go to the airport you are not surprised. Another good reason why computer are good for people is that it helps your interact with your friends and family @CAPS2 you can't see them. There so many different ways you can do it to. On @CAPS4, @CAPS5, myspace. All the websites like that help you stay in touch with all of your friends. Even now they have somethings where you can actually see the person you are talking to over the computer. So if you have no chance of seeing each other anytime soon you can talk to them then. I even do that with my brother, he is in college and I dont see him that much so I just start chatting with him on the computer. Now those are some reasons on why I feel that computers are a great part of our lives. Thing like finding information and booking hotels, airplanes, ect. All help make our lives a lot easier at times. And talking with other people just makes us happy. Now I hope you see why computers are a good part of all of our lives."