"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 computers were invented they have grown so much, which make a lot @ORGANIZATION1 people use them more. More and More people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who suffort advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people, but there are negative effects too. I believe that computers are a negative effect on people vecause people spend too much time on computer; not exercising, there are many dangers, and less interacting with family and friends. First @ORGANIZATION1 all, a negative effect computers have on people is that they spend too much time on the computer and that leads to less exercise. Recently, @CAPS3 spoke to a local @CAPS2 about this issue and she spoke out, @CAPS3 have one family computer and my son is the one who is always on it right after school to late at night."" This shows that many children are on a computer too much. I have to input that I personally sit on my computer at times and not even realize two hours past. I try to cut back on my computer times, but it doesn't really work out. Sitting on the computer for hours everyday is also looking exercise. The hours used up on the computer could be the time in which you are exercising. someone's health is very important now. Spending too much time on the computer and not getting exercise is a major negative effect computers have on people. Secondly, the most concern parents have @ORGANIZATION1 computers are the many dangers, which is another negative effect it has on people. Recently the new biggest site is facebook. So many people are addicted to it. Though, it isn't that safe all the time. Another new thing is oovoo or skype, which allows you to talk to someone with webcam. There could be a time when a teen ""meets"" someone on-line and agree to do things on the webcam for someone they don't really know to see. These sites aren't safe, and knowing youngs they can in danger. @CAPS3 spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are @PERCENT1 dangerous to young teens. All these dangerous risks as another negative effect computers have on people. Lastly, another negative effect computers have on people is there is less interactions with family and friends. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 getting together with a friend people just go on the computer to talk. That isn't the same as an actual get together. I actually enjoy family parties. Seeing all my aunts, uncles, and cousins it so much better and fun. I do e-mail my family and friends when I don't see them, but I get excited when @CAPS3 have get togethers. Now a day it's not like that for a lot @ORGANIZATION1 people. Many people work long times and spend too much time on the computer, which takes time away from interacting with others, and that should be more important. The computer also, negatively effects people with interacting with family and friends. In conclusion, I see computers as a negative effect on people. Computers make people spend a lot @ORGANIZATION1 time have dangerous risks, and take away interaction time. I strongly suggest you look over my terms."""