"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I have been informed that recently, people are questioning the use of computers. Some say computers have negative effects on people when using them but I for one disagree with that statement. I believe that computers in today's society have created an atmosphere of learning, communication, and an ideal amount of creative fun. Computers are changing the way everyday people live. This technology is the basis of our future, and our future has evolved around our computers. People learn so they can become better at things, be aware of what is going on, and to gain the knowledge that possibly help mem succed in life. Computers gona access to information that people want to know whether it is to learn how it dance using youtube.com, to learn about a possible vacation spot your family might visit, or to research a topic for a school paper: computers have it all. It sits right at home so there is no need to drive to the library and wait for a book with the right researching skills, almost anybody can find the exact information they are looking for. Computers contribute to people who want to learn. Being a popular used computer have beenimportant to make them the best. Whether that means faster internet better, researching book or more websites, a computer has it all. Back before the telephones was invented, people struggled to have a reliable source of communications with where communication is important because it is the main source of communicating. Through the computer, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and emails are easy and guarenteed ways to talk to everybody. With just a simple click of a mouse a person can talk to their bestfriend as if they were right next to them. Communication plays an important role for a civilization or society. It makes life so much easier without creating a place where people become lazy. Talking to people by using the computer has become easier and more dependable than ever. People can email their teachers if they have a question for homework, people can check there grades online, and people can talk to their friends and family all they want whenever they want. So we people say that the computer. If a sibling is away at college, their @CAPS3, when a family is to gether, they could since new things are discovered through the computer everyday. can come to a person in multiple ways. A computer can emphazize the fun is never a bad thing. Computers offer video games, learning games, and that bring creativity to. This technology gets people every to have an open mind with everything. It allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even themselves. Sometimes computers can inspire people to do something like start a group to make the environment better or go running around ther block. Even though the actual computer is inside the fun and creativity can be whenever a person wants it to be. Computers expand a person's knowledge, allow one to communicate, and create a whole new word of fun. Researching topics can be easily accessed through a computer. Communicating with others makes life easier and having fun while inspiring people everywhere makes computers have a total positive effect on people. It creates a new atmosphere of enjoyment of different things. Computers effect people in the greatest way and I don't know why some people doubt its magnificent ways of indudging people in the environment."