"Do computers really benifit society? This has been a tricky question for years. Some people say computers are a huge help and it allows us to see the world through a different perspective; we learn more from computers and this vast increase in tecknology. Though others say computers are addicting, it is the @CAPS2 unsafe and unsecure machine to be using especially when it is left a lot of personal files on it while hooked up to the internet. Plus people spend more time on a computer than ever, missing out on thier families and friends, not being able to enjoy nature and the other simple things in life. Besides, if you want my honest opinion, computers should only be used as tools. ""The fact is many people look to computers as personal diaries or something to save files on or even something to play games on,"" says @PERSON2. ""They ignore the biggest fact that computers are only used to make life easier."" This is really what computers are made to do, help us. It could be as simple as a @CAPS1 (@ORGANIZATION1) or as complexed as a super computer but it still only serves the main purpose of making life easier. Even if you tried to upgrade a computer it would still serve the same purpose, yet people still look on it as if it were still the next big thing in entertainment. Many people might not even know it yet but computer can turn on you and really ruin your life. Ever since @PERSON1 made @ORGANIZATION2 the @CAPS2 popular disk @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 around, people have been using computers alot. Its not because he created the fastest computer ever. It is because @ORGANIZATION2 is selling world wide; for buisnesses, small companies, schools, even in entertainment. A few years ago they made something called the xbox @NUM1. It revolutionized both gaming and the way people look at gaming. But whats the problem here? The problem is that because of @ORGANIZATION2 people are now more addicted to entertainment. When this happens people will start becoming dependent on a computer. Its not that @ORGANIZATION2 did anything bad but the fact that since @CAPS2 computers have internet, those people who depend on computers are going to find it hard to avoid being hacked or worse getting all their information stolen. There is this one thing about computers that remains constant. Family and friends will find it hard to talk to there loved one when they spend all there time on computers. This makes comunication hard, and like I said before its very addicting. ""@CAPS2 of the people who don't have real friends will chat with people online not knowing who they really are."" says @CAPS3 @PERSON3. Making friends online is the @CAPS2 unsafe thing to do on a computer. Over @PERCENT1 of the people online are not who they say they are and people will often break away from thier real friends just to find this new ""friend"" they've made. So remember, even though computers are"