"To who this @MONTH1 concern, In my opinion, computers have greatly improved our lives. Therefore I believe that owning and using a computer is for the greater good. Three reasons that support my decision are that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily, they allow us to connect with people in far away places, and they help us to learn more about life and the planet we live on. Please consider my reasons when making your decision. My first reason is that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily. This in turn allows us to get more done. For example lets say that your doing a report on @CAPS1 @CAPS2. You could run out to the library and look through hundreds of books and newspapers or you could just sit down at your at your computer, open up a web browser, and type a ""@CAPS1 @CAPS2"" into the search box. Within a few seconds you will have searched hundreds more libraries newspapers and even other computers to find information on your topic. You can also look for information on videos. Old newscasts, inteveiws, documeteries, you name it. It's all there right at your fingertips. My second reason is that it allows people in far away places to connect. If I said that to my mom she would probably tell me to go use the phone, but computers can do everyhing a phone can do and more. You ca share photos, videos, games, just about anything. Recently, I joined facebook and I now can talk to people I haven't seen in years who moved away I was born. Over the @DATE1 I had gone to my @CAPS3. My dad introduced me to his uncle who shared the same name as me. Then about month's later I got a friend request from a @CAPS4 who up in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION4, which is far from where I live, and now lives in. After talking to him for a while I learned that he was, the son of mydaduncle. If it weren't for my computer I would have never met him. Also,I recently learned and am getting pretty good. So one day my friends look me through a which has all it,. We began video taping a posting. So the computer has also allowed us to what without them having to be there. My third and final reason is that the computer allows us learn how to improve our lives and the planet we live on. Many people say that if you on the computer all the time you'll become fat and lazy,but that isn't always the case. I have actually been able to improve my exercise rutine byuseing the computer. Whenever I go out for a run, I can come home and find out exactly how far I ran, how many calories I burned, and anything else I want to know. I have also been able to find new more effective excersizes that allow me to target different muscles. Now lets talk about what we can learn about our planet. We can use a computer to find weather patters which allows us to plan our days accordingly. We can also use it to learn about news happening around the world. For example, the day of the earthquake in @LOCATION2, I opened up in my homepage and there it was and I was able to learn about what had happened. Finally a computer allows us to learn different cultures around the world. We can learn about how ancient egiptions lived, how the people in @LOCATION3 or @CAPS5 make money or how they construct their houses. All the things we would never know if we didn't have a computer. In conclusion, computers have improved the lives of the human race by a great deal. They have allowed us and how to improve our lives. I hope that this letter has helped you come to a decision about the effects a computer has on people lives."