"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people believe that the negatives of computers out weigh the positives. I believe that computers help as much more than hurt. There are a few minor instances where computers have hurt people, but @CAPS2 more instances where they have helped @CAPS2 people. There are some cases that a victim of an accident recovers with the help of computers. Likewise there are other times that close family or friends can talk to each other over the @CAPS3. Also, people could learn about amazing places. Thus computers are very vital to us. Computers are vital to us because they help our reflexes. In my experience as a computer engineer. I have learned that playing or using a computer call help victims of reflex damaging accidents. A computer helps the victim by giving them a better feel on their environment. The victem could see exactaly what he is doing and so could his and doctors. Like wise to the physical treatment, computers an relief. Thus the patient gets stronger physically and mentaly. Thus, computers help a humans life be enchacing their reflexes. Likewise to help our reflexes, computers with the @CAPS3 would help people that are distance apart could connect. One of the ways people very far away connect is with soldiers and their families. Back in my military days, nothing helped better than talking. The easiest way of this was talking over. It gave me a gigantic. Thus computers are vital to as humans. Likewise, computers help us see places that are amazing. For example, when a @NUM1 year-old boy visits a website that talks about the wonders of the @LOCATION1 rain forest. He then tells his science class, who the spread the word of preservation of the forest. The boy then grows up to be an explorer of the @LOCATION1, finding new speceses. All this would happen because he was on a computers. Computers help us see the unseen. In the end, computers are great if used in regulation. They help victims heal, soldiers connect and inspire the youth, Computers are vital source of knowledge and advancement for humans."