"Dear @CAPS1, I believe computers are a huge benefit to society. I myself have a computer; it is very important and useful to me. Over @PERCENT1 of the families in our town own at least one computer. Computers are a great source of information. They also allow you to talk to people, even if they are far away. They are also very convenient and easy to use, in mu opinion. Based on these positives, @CAPS3't you agree with my opinion? Computers are a great source of information. Unlike books, which you must find and buy, there is an enormous amount of information just a mouse click away! With computers, you can learn about far away places and people without having to visit or talk to them. Let me compare this to a book. Let's say you wanted to do research on @PERSON1. You would have to go to the library and search for a book about him. And what would you do if you couldn't find one about him? With a computers you could type ""@CAPS2 of @PERSON1"" into a search engine and receive of information in under a minute! I love saving time, and computers help me do that. They also augment the information I use. Another astounding development in computer technology is that you can talk to other, no matter where their location is. Email is extremely faster than writing a letter. having to pay to travel. Who @CAPS3't like that? Computers are very convenient. You can surf the internet, talk to people, and much more from the comfort of your bedroom. There are jobs that you can do from home on a computer. No need to go anywhere to work. My uncle is one of those people. He is s stockbroker, and operates his whole job from the computer in his house. It is a convenient and a well-paying job. I asked him what he thought of his job. He said, ""I love my job because I can work when I want to work, and from the comfort of my home."" @CAPS3't you want to have his job? I would most definately. In conclusion, computers are very beneficial to us. Did you know computers were first invented by @ORGANIZATION1 to perform calculations that were very long? Look at what they have involved into @DATE1. They bring us information at amazing speeds. They let us talk to people all over the world. They are very convenient. These are major benefits to society, and everybody should embrace computers."