"Dear Newspaper, @ORGANIZATION1 has an essay due on plants for science tomorrow. She was absent @DATE1 and didn't know about it. If she had a computer, she could go on to the website and check, but she doesn't. The town took them away. Another student, @LOCATION1, is working on the same essay. Her handwriting is terrible so her teacher will not be able to score it. What are they to do? Although many some say that computers are not good for society, most know that life without computers would be a disaster. New @CAPS1 is currently thinking about taking away computers in our town. This would be a big problem for everybody involved. One reason is that people need it to get information from search engines like ""google"" and ""yahoo"". They also use the internet for communication like ""facebook"" and ""aim"". Taking away computers would drastically impact every day life. Society computers to get information. I know that whenever I don't know something I just look it up online. If I didn't have this resource, my homework would not be as detailed as it is with the computer. Another example is that public look up information about the world on my computer. When many heard about earthquake in @LOCATION2, they could pull up information within seconds. This led to many bake sales and fund raisers. Lastly, when kids miss their favorite @CAPS2 shows one day, they can just look it up the next day to get caught up. This is a big part of teenager life. Society needs computers in order to look up crucial information. Many people also use the internet for communication purposes. I know that in my family ""e-mail"" is what makes it all work. My mom makes all her plans by email and sometimes even e-mails herself from work to remember things. Without it, our family would not be able to function. Another mode of communication is ""facebook"". Any time my friends and I have a question about anything anything that happened that day. We will ask each other on this website. It is safe and saves all the trouble of calling on the phone. A final example is ""aim"". This is a messaging tool that lets you talk instantly with friends and even see them with ""video-chatting"". My friends and I would not be able to show each others outfits and other items without ""aim"". Teenagers as well as adults need to communicate through computers. In conclusion, society needs computers in order to look up info, as well as talk with friends and co workers. Do not even think about "