"Each year the world becomes more and more advance in technology. Technology helps and benefits us all in a good positive way. Computers are apart of this positive technology and definetely benefits society. Computers help us look up places and things we never seen before and teaches us about them, too. In addition, computers have a positive impact on families and benefits them greatly. Also, they help people from adults years out of college to teenagers in high school communicate with their friends. Therefore, computers help us all in some little way and makes life easier and more fun. To begin with computers helps us expand our knowledge. It us helps us look up facts or recent news quickly. For example, just recently the @DATE1 @CAPS1 occured and they usualy go late into the night so I didn't get to see the whole competition. I could just easily go look it up on the computer to see who won which medals. computers helped me by looking up the medals quick so I woudn't have to wonder who won a medals not. Computers help us expand our knowledge all the time. They help us look up facts for report, places we want to travel to, learn about the benefits of a certain pet and the posibilities can be endless. to continue with, computers help families by bringing them closer in a way. A family member could be watching a funny on youtube or @ORGANIZATION1 and could think its so funny that they want their whole family to see it you. In addition, stores sell clothes online now so mother and daugther can sit down together and shop without leaving the house. Computers bring my family together by we rent movies from @LOCATION1 on the computer. It brings us together when choose and pick which movie to rent. Also, it brings us together to have a family movie night. As a result, these things the computer gives brings out discussion in the family and gives a good topic that everyone can relate to and talk about. Another way computers are beneficial is they bring everyone together. There are many ways communicate on the computer these days. There is facebook, twitter, email, aim, and many more. They are all different, but they have one thing in common is to bring old friends and new friends together. For instance my mom just sign on to be in facebook so she can talk to all her old friends from highschool and she found one really good friends who she hasn't seen in ages it made her really happy. Therefore, it shows that computers aren't just for bringing new people together, old ones, too."