"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are out! The effects of over-use on a computer can severely change a persons life! People who are spending too much time on their computer will most likely spend less time exercisizing enjoying nature, and interaction with their family member and friends. I believe that the act of computers overwhelming a person's life should be with in a serious manner. Exersizing, an essential part of anyone's life, since the development of the internet forty years ago, the average @CAPS1 or body mass inter of an average person has increased fifteen percent! This is no coinfidence, computers are causing more and more people to challenge themselves to nex that extra mile, or swim that extra lap, and instead so home and play on their computers. This not only is hurting peoples' weights, but excersize equipment store owners are having to close their shops, because less and less people are coming into work out, or excersize like they should everyday! Our children are also being affected by this addicting sensation, childhood obesity is one of the main effects on children, because when they get heard playing on these they as well stop excersizing, and play videogames . The average amount of people who went to @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 every year was around @NUM1, but since the invention of the computer that the attendance dropped to a more @NUM2 people every year. Less and less people are to enjoy a fresh @DATE1 and instead spend it indoors on their country. This is hurting people as well as the wildlife around them. The rates of squirrels to people in @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 was @NUM3 in @DATE2, the year the computer has invented. But a mere ten years later, the changed so now their are squirrels! This is because now that they less people feeling less squirrels live in the @CAPS3 @CAPS3, went live in the to find food by themselves. Tour guides who worked in @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, we being fired, due to less people wanting a tour, so less tour guides are needed. Families are seeing that the more a person plays on a computer, the less time that person is going to spend talking to @LOCATION1, or @CAPS4 @CAPS5. Scientists held to have three different people spend an hour reading a book, another spend an hour on a computer, and three hours on a computer to see who could stay in a conversation with their mother the longest. The first person spent twenty minutes on the phone with their mother, the second only ten minutes, and the last, a mere five minutes. This shows that the mere time spent on a computer, the less interactions are held between son and mom, an important relationship in any one's life. Mother's worry that the next time they have a barbeque, @PERSON1 won't be in his room, playing on his computer like last time. @PERSON2 was chosen to conduct an experiment on @PERSON2 had three freinds @CAPS6, @PERSON3, and"