"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, Computers can be a great asset to our society, but they are an even, bigger hindrance. People are wasting their days away on the computer. Hardly anyone goes out in exercise, or to enjoy nature. Perhaps the sea west effect is that hardly anyone interacts with their friends and family anymore. @CAPS2 you with their friends and family anymore. @CAPS2 you don't want to surromb to the computers. put down the mouse and go outside! Obesity in @LOCATION1 is at an all time high. Experts agree, that computers and other types of technology are to blame. People who spend a lot of time on the computer hardly ever exercise and that effects them negatively. These people have a shorter lifespan! They might not be around in twenty years to see their grand children grown up. Also, they have many medical problems. @PERSON1, an obesity expert, says, ""I have seen a positive correlation with the obesity rate and that of @CAPS1."" @CAPS1 can kill you! Obesity can also cause heart attacks and infertility! @CAPS2 you can avoid these diseases and health risks by getting off the computer, why wouldn't you? Using the computer is not a good price to pay for you health! Do you have fond childhood memories that involve nature? I know I do. Most people who spend too much time on the computer don't get the chance to make memories like that. Theyre too preoccupied with the computer to care. Many people won't ever see any of our national parks! Drew @PERSON2, a park ranger, says. ""In the past few years. we have had less visitors than ever before."" @CAPS2 people can't tear themselves away from the computer for even a minute to see the splendor of our national, there is obviously something wrong. Get off you computers and go outside! I share everything with my friends and family and try to spend as much time with them as possible. Almost all people who use the computer often say @PERCENT1 of the time, they use it as an excuse not to see friends and family. In reality, they don't want to leave it. As a society, we are becoming too dependent on technology supervisor says. ""I have seen as definite decline in family enrollment. We hardly ever see kids with friends and family hanging around"". She is right. Now is the time to stop using computers! Computers @MONTH1 not be totally to blame for the problems stated above. Maybe it's the people a though computers do contribute to the problem. @CAPS2 we didn't have computers, there would be more people out exercising, and enjoying nature. Memories would be when we hung around with friends and family. Now is the time to turn of the computer, and go outside. Call up a friend and take a stroll, @CAPS3 you do, know you can have fun withour computers."