"Dear local newspaper, People spend to much time on the computer. Instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with real people they sit down and play games and watch music or movies on the computer. There fore I do not agree with people who say computers benifit the society. @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1. A lot of peoples skin is jiggily and fat because of computers. @CAPS5 you @MONTH1 ask? People sit in front of there computers all day when they could spend that time exercising, my dad got extremly over weight when we got a new computer. All he did was sit and play games like @CAPS1 wars or @CAPS2. I couldn't beleive @CAPS5 fat he got so my mom told him and now instead of playing on the computer he goes to the gym. You wouldn't beleive @CAPS5 much weight he lost. Also did you know that america is one of the fatist countrys because people don't exercize and just play on ther laptops and computers. So it would help america alot to stop playing softwear and start exersizing. So many people miss out on the butiful works of nature. The cool relaxing air at the beach is much nicer than a dark stuffy room with just the glow of a computer. There's so much to discover so much to be explored. So yes you could find the gisers in yellow stone online but it's nothing like seeing in real life. If there were computers back in the early @DATE1's people would never had the earge to find new land, you don't hear of many great explorers now do you? I bet if every one took a break from computer new spicies would be found or maybe even a cure for canser. Who knows what you can do if you step out of the box and into the buitful part of nature. ""@CAPS3 come down and talk to your grand parents."" ""@CAPS4 mom I'm playing on the computer!"" @CAPS5 many times has this happend to you? Has your son or daughter been on the computer with great @PERSON1 has been over? They @MONTH1 have wanted to play the computer then but they don't know if thats could have been there last day with him or her. Computer will be here forever or almost forever, peoples time is limited. There fore hanging out with a relitive is much more imortant than playing on the computer. I know a kid named @PERSON2 who was playing on the computer when his friend called and invited him over. @PERSON2 said @CAPS4. His friend was so disiponded and angry. I would be too. Whould you like to have a friend pick computer over you? I'd hope not. There fore computers hurt and are not as good as real people. In conclusion qualiy time with people, nature, and exercize is more important than a glowing box. I hope you agree the computers do not always help society."