"Dear Newspaper, People should play with their family and friends instead of staying on the computer all the time. People would be more fit, have closer bonds with their family, and get better grades in school. People will alway get fit faster if they excersise instead of staying on the computer. When the computer is unpluged, anyone has a chance to go out side and play. When people go outside to play with their friends, they excersise which causes you to lose weight. @NUM1 scientist believe that it is better to go outside and socialize than to sit on a computer and watch monontenious videos. People would be more active if they stay of the computer and went outside because it will keep you happy with your body, and healthy so you don't die of a terrible diseases. Their would be closer bonds with families if people stayed of the computer. Family would be closer together instead of spreading apart by computers. Your family is always their to comfort you when ever you have a terrible day. Your family will help you get over any problem so that you can keep moving forward. If you did this by computer, all you see is a persons face who can't comfort you with a hug. Without computers, you get a closer family that loves and supports each other, but with computers, people just drive their families away. Closer families also help children in school get better grades. Families who stay of the computer and have dinner with their families typically have children that get better grades. @NUM2 scientist agree that kids who have dinner and play with their families get better grades in school. If kids get better grades in school from staying of the computer and spending quality time with their family, we could get great inventions that can help mankind in every single way. All of can happen from staying off of computers. Staying off computer is a great way to help yourself and other people to. It would get people fit, create closer bonds, and create more gradutes who go on and achieve the greatest of all inventions. Imagine what else could happen by staying of computers."