"Dear local newspaper writer, I'm writting to talk to you about the use of computers. I think computers benifit our comunties a lot. I feel this way because it can warn us about a natural disaster. It teaches us about everything & everything. Last we get to talk to people online In these next paragraphs ill share my thoughts about this topic to you. My first reason is natural disasters. Computers always warn us about them. For example when hurricane katrina hit computers were able to see that on their. Many people was able to flee the city before that happened. States shows @PERCENT1 of the natural disasters computer classified them. Computers saves people live eaach & every. Another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in @LOCATION1. Computers informed many people about them. Those were my reasons how computers warn us about natural disasters. My second reason why I say computers benifit us is because it teaches us about everything & anything we learn about faraway places, new word & things that is happening in our own country. For example I had to research a person my project & all I dis was type in his name & pages full of information popped. You will be amazal how much information the computer has. Comuter has everything you need on as person & so much more. this is my second reason why computers are helpful. My last reason we get to talk online. Now the has its pros & cons. Talking online is very fun. I mean you in many website, myspace, facebook, twitter. Its never ending. People can talk to old friends, family anybody really. But many people have to be careful cause their creeps out ther. Like say you can't meet up with you friend you can @ORGANIZATION1 or ooVoo (webcame) them. The computer is you friend. So you might as well make good use with it. This is my last reason now the computer can benifit you. In conclusion I think the computer makes the world that much easier. My reason why you ask. It warns us about, natural disaster. It teaches us everything & anything. Last up can talk online."