"I think that it is fine that people spend a lot of time on the computer instead of having time to exercise, enjoy nature and interact with family and friends because it is the persons choice to either stay on the computer all day or go outside. Computers affect peoples lives in good ways and bad ways. People stay inside all day and do nothing besides sit there and just click buttons. Good ways is that it educates you in many ways because @CAPS1 your on the computer watching or reading interesting things you could end up learning something before you learn it in school. Its good to go on the computer for a little a bit but @CAPS1 your on it all day then you could have no exercise and become lazy and fat. But @CAPS1 you go outside sometimes you wont have to worry because you are getting exercise that helps out your body. I think computers are a great way to have fun. You can chat with your friends, @CAPS1 you have a webcam you can video chat with friends. A cmputer is a great way for communication. Millions of people use a computer for working at their @CAPS2. Without computers life would be ten times harder for people in this world. People like accountants use computer for there job. They store data into the computer to remember things @CAPS1 you couldn't write it down on a piece of paper, People also make websites on the internet to help educate, like @CAPS1 you type in a word it could give you a definition, People also make @CAPS4 engines, @CAPS4 engines are some engine on a website that searches for things you type in. @CAPS1 you type in something you will get what you were looking for. My whole point of explaining this is that its the peoples choice @CAPS1 they would like to be on all the time. Because computers and internet connections arn't free. It doesn't even do anything bad to your brain. It mostly educates it. People even go to school online they learn and study on things that are on the internet. Plus you could get @CAPS2 at places for working with computers, You could make programs, and anything you would want. So my statement here is that its okay to spend alot of time on your computer instead of exercizing going to see friends and family and enjoy nature. I think that computers are fine and it doesn't matter how long your on it, it just depends @CAPS1 your learning and not playing games all day and being lazy and get fat."