"Dear @CAPS1, I beleave that computers have a good and a bad effect on people. Even though I think it has both effects on peope, I think that it has a better effect I think this because the internet gives people the chance to learn more about other places. Allows people to talk to family that lives far away, and it also helps to make new friends. I support the advances of technology. I support it because people can talk to their family that they can't get to see. I have three cousins that live in @LOCATION1 that I never get to see, but with computers I can talk to them all the time. We can email and @CAPS2 to chat to eachother to find out what they've been doing, hows school, and so much more. My aunty loves to send and get pictures from them to see how much they've changed since the last time we saw them. Without the new technology we wouldn't be able to do that. Computers also help learn about other countries and the people that live there. With the internet you can find what the country looks like, what types of food they eat, what type of language they speek, and so much more. Recently I had to do a project in @CAPS3 @CAPS4 about a place in @LOCATION2. I got @LOCATION4, @LOCATION3 with the help of computers I found out so much more about the country that I never even know about. There were so many great places to visit and learn about the history of @LOCATION4. Learning so much about the place makes me want to visit there someday. Without computers I never would have learned so much about that place. Another great thing about the new technology is that we can make new friends and talk to different types of people from all over the world. I read recently in the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 that atleast @PERCENT1 of kids have a myspace or facebook that helps them interact with people from all over the world. There can also be dangers to talking to people you've never met before. To be safe don't tell people your phone number or where you live. But meeting new people can also be good. For example, my cousin doesn't get along very well with the people she goes to school with. But after school she goes on her computer and talks to people that are just like her. Either way she should be careful. In conclusion, I must say once again that I support the advances of technology to an extent. Computers help you talk to family that you don't see, helps you learn about new countries, and meet new people. Thank you for your time."