"Dear the @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1, Some people say that computers are a negitive contributor to society. In @CAPS3 opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us. I believe @CAPS4 gives people hand-eye coordination and a way to be organized. Not only those but, people are still interacting with others. if you don't beleve me now, read @CAPS3 details and you'll feel the same way I do. When you consider @CAPS4, computers give us hand-eye coordination. there's no way to use a computer without typing. No matter if you're just typing in a short password or a @NUM1 page essay, you'll alway have to type, and when you do @CAPS4 allows better movement at your hands. This can later help you in sports when you get out and exercise. Since computers have become such a popular thing, i think that in the future, typing or using a computer will be in the @CAPS2. this could be of the hand-eye coordination @CAPS4 gives @CAPS3 theory is whatever you think, you type. in addition to hand-eye coordination, computers provide organization which is a big concern in present day life. Do you have picture files laying your house? Well, there's no need to. With computers you store all and files neatly. how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate. Even doctors are computers your medical needs and give time. Computers can give organize. Furthermore, computers continue to help instead with store say keep friends I can talk with friends or family far away. @CAPS4 keeps us together and gets I'm not saying that @CAPS4's always a good thing, because we all need face to face interaction. Although when you arent able to get that, its a good way to talk. To conclude, computers positivly effect our lives. We're able to get hand-eye coordination, and stay organized when @CAPS4 can be a trouble to do @CAPS4 can bring people together when they aren't in person. You can learn about new things like people and places far away. though people @MONTH1 think opposite of me, i know that computers benifit society."