"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 name is @PERSON1 and @CAPS2 writing to talk to you about how computers benefit society. Did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 homes have at least @NUM3 computer in their home? Well who wouldnt! Computers let you learn more because you can research more, its quicker than having to go and look things up in the library, and with tools like @CAPS3 and facebook you can talk to people you normally dont get to see. Computers let you learn more because of the internet. With the internet you can use websites like google, @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2. When you look stuff upon these websites and many others you can get valuable information that can get you ahead in life. For example, if I was looking up a chocolate chip recipe and I tried different things to make it unique then sold it, just think that life changed with one click on the computer. Also if I had to research a topic for @CAPS1 history project then I would go onto the computer, to google and then type in @CAPS1 topic and be overwelmed by getting the info that I needed and got an at on the project thats how computers help you learn more. Computers are very quick I can make @NUM4 powerpoints slides @CAPS6 with useful information in the time it would take me to go to the library, find a good book and write enough information to make powerpoint slide: on overage @PERCENT1 of people turn to the computer to find useful information. When I was doing @CAPS1 social studies project @TIME1 I had to find out what the @CAPS4 flag looked like. So, instead of trying to possibly find a book on the library. I just hopped on google and clicked images and clicked images and typed in @CAPS4 flag. Within seconds @CAPS1 screen was @CAPS6 with real and edited pictures of the @CAPS4 flag. It is amazing how fast information can travel from the world wide web to your computer. So would you rather be stuck in a library looking up information forever or out enjoying your life because you saved all that time by going on the computer? Have you ever heard of facebook, myspace, @CAPS3, or twitter? Well they are all great ways to communicate with people using the computer. When I am @CAPS3 or facebook I can talk to people that I might not get to see all the time one of @CAPS1 friend from camp lives in @CAPS10 so I dont get to see her alot so with the wonderful invention of facebook I could talk to her all the time. Just think without the computer facebook would have never been invented so I would have most likely lost touch with a good friend. Also when I go on the computer. I have the option signing onto something called @CAPS3 or email. With this I can talk to people and get wacky emails. That would happen if the computer wasnt invented. So dont you want information to be easier to research? Quicker to find out information. And talk to friends more easily. Well lets make it @NUM2 out of @NUM2 homes that have a computer and help benefit society by doing your part and just getting what you need on the computer then enjoying life. Just imagine how much time you are saving by using the computer."