"Did you know that @PERCENT2 out of @PERCENT1 children today, prefer to play games on the computer than do other activities? My opinion about this topic is that it is more important for children to do things other than sit on the computer all day. The reasons why I feel this way is because it is important to exercise, children tend to be addicted to playing on the computer, and if someone's life revolves around the computer than they most likely, won't be able to live on the ""real world"". When a child sits at the computer all day, they are not getting exercise. Today, obesity is a major problem. If people stay on the computer less and exercise more than this situation could decrease. Also, it is important for children to get fresh air. When someone plays on the computer they are not getting as much fresh air as you would outdoors. Lastly, who realize the importance of exercise tend to participate in sports, to stay active and have fun. Once you begin to play games on the computer, there is not turning back. In today's society, children of all ages, become addicted to the computer. Children who are addicted pay no attention to their surroundings. Also, some of these games might be inappropriate for younger players. Lastly, if children become addicted, they could do poorly in school for refusing to do homework. If a child is constantly on the computer than they have a chance of not being prepared for the ""real world."" In the ""real world,"" you can't rely on computer games. Also, games won't teach you things that you can only learn during school. Later in life, when you want to get a job, you won't be able to be accepted because you will not sound knowledgable. Lastly, when you are writing your application to go to a college, they will look at your records of sports and activities you've done in middle school. When they don't find anything, they will reject you because of your lack of participation. So when you are sitting at the computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than the computer. For example, it is important for you to exercise, playing games on the computer could make you addicted and you won't be prepared for te ""real world"". What is your opinion?"