"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1, my name is @PERSON1 and I believe that computers have a negative influence on people. When people are on computers all day they have less time exercising. They are in alot more danger, and they spend less time with there family. These are my only some reasons why computers dontbenefit society.. In more, more time spent on computers equals less time exercising. With the obesity rate rising no one wants to be unable to do regular activitys. With spending all your time on the computer, you would just be using to get over weight and unhealthy. It also makes many people feel self consiou about themselves. If they dont have enough time exercising and keep eating they will become even more self consious. More over it will bring more danger to you and your family. There are many places on the internet where you can meet new people. But how do you know if people are who they seem to be? If you spend more time on the computer then you will increase your chances by @PERCENT3 to get a personal assuts, or even give you personal information up. So why should you take the risk? Just get off that computer! Even if you dont meet on internet assuter you will still be glued to your computer cauzing it more likley to be harrased. I definatly dont want that for my family. The last reason is the most important to @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 family. If you are spending all this time on your computer you will be out on in your family. This time is verry important because you never know when your family will be gone! And it is a verry scarry topic to think about. I know that most people in @LOCATION1 was spend all the time with there family. On another note a survey shows that @PERCENT2 of children that spend time with there family and less than @NUM1 minutes on the computer have grades higher than @NUM2 in all classes. Wouldn't you want to make the honnor role in your school? In conclusion, computers have a negiteve effect on people! Spending most time on your computer can causes less time spent exercising, more danger/harm to people, and less time spent with your family. Wouldn't you just rather spend less time on your computer? Thank you for your time."