"Did you know that the positive effects computers have on people the negative? I believe that the usige of computers increases one's knowledge of faraway places safety can be used for communication and can make everyday task easier computers have become the tools of society. Firstly, using computer allow a floridian to learn about connecticutions; or a canadian to learn about the world around them. safely. In a by the @ORGANIZATION1, it has been shown that without the computer, @PERCENT1 of all people would have been ignorant of the one-child dilemna in @LOCATION3. In addition, since the crime rate in @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 is @PERCENT2 having comilted, an american might not went to visit @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1, @CAPS1, they mush learn about it for a business project. What do they do? They venture onto the computer and and everything they need to know about @LOCATION1, from the security of their home. While people can learn about faraway places from the safety of their houses, can also the computer for communication purposes. The computer is a great tool for communicating with other people. In a done in @DATE1, @PERCENT3 of computer users had some sort of social networking or instant mesaging program. Some examples of these are @CAPS2, and @CAPS3, respectively. being able to contact people has never been easier. Did you know that out of every @NUM1 americans spend an average of a hours online everday? So truly that the average I.Q has increased in the last @NUM2 years? When online, students can receive help from fellow students, teachers, and even experts! users of the computer can get feedback from essays, support to something new, and even boost self confidence. Communication is a great utilixation of computers, as is the simplicity to perform everyday tasks online. In today's society, the computer can make everyday tasks so much easier! when I was a child, my mom spend hours in the local grocery, shopping for food. That all changed when my mother discovered @LOCATION2. It is a safe and easy way to buy food online to then have it delivered not only, but @PERCENT4 of americans with computers have paid their taxes online. A once job has become simple, with the mere click of a button it is nerve-wrecking that the majority of our day need not be filled with flooring errands, but what we want! Whether that be to exercise or simply enjoy nature. In a nutshen, computers are great assets to society. They have a muriad of purposes and functions. They can inrease a person's knowledge of faraway places safely, be used for communication purposes. and make everyday tasks simple. Its hard to even ruminat how we managed before this device come along."