"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 there is alot of talking and arguing about computers. Some say they are helpful to society and others say not. As for myself I am one of those on the side of which is for computers. I think the do alot less harm than good. First of all the hand-eye cordination of the user is mostly improved over a period of time, which helps withe learning musical instruments. Also it gives a great learning ability to people, particularly student. If there were computers, for a student to do a report he/she would have to read through an encyclopedia, which takes a great amount more time than plainly looking it up on the internet. Finaly computers are great for communicating with far-away friends or family. The first subject on my agenda is the hand-eye cordination skills. These skills are the ability to work with your hand and eyes simultaniously. There is a number of impacts these skills can make. The most apparent is musical instruments. If you are trying to learn a new song to be played on guitar you must move your fingers to the notes coresponding with the screen. Another place where hand-eye cordination comes in handy is sports. One sport where hand eye cordination makes a huge impact is in football. If the ball is thrown then the wide recever must watch the ball with his eyes and make sure he puts his hands in the best position to catch the ball. I am also going to argue the vost world of learning that is provided by computers. Lets just say someone asks you who was the @NUM1 president of the @ORGANIZATION2 where would you go to find that answer? I don't know about you but I am definatley going to look it up on google (internet search engine). Also schools @CAPS1 can ask alot more of their students because they have all this information at there desposal. Lastly I would like to cover the communications abilitys that the computer puts out there. First of all let say you have a very close friend move out-of-state"" how are you going to keep in touch. You could try using phones but yet the long-distance fees have sky-rocketed over the past @NUM2 years. Did you know that if you talk long distance for @NUM3 mins a day that would be over @NUM4 a month. in todays ecconmy you need to save money not talk it all away. The internet charges no additional fees for chatting no matter how far away you are from each-other. So hopefully my letter will be able to surposs ""@CAPS2'bama's failed health care bill"" to at least make it somewhere in the paper. People need to know the facts about computers before they try to argue about them."""