"Computers are a huge impact on society, but do they make everything better? People spend way to much time on the computer. Computers do not help you brain they can make you fat and for a lot of people they cause drama. People should stop spending so much time on computers. Computers do not help you brain in any means possible. Think about it, sure you do alot of you work on computers but, what about your kids they spend most of their time gand online and doing pointless stuff. Instead they could be going outside or even study. the internet is open to the world so anyone goes on it and if your child is on the computer is exposed many vile things that will not help them in the future. Its a proven fact that the less time you spend watching tv or on the computer you get better grades. I remember my mom always yelled at me for being on the computer and getting bad grades so she took the computer away for a while and now i have much better grades. So being on the computer does not make you smarter. The computer can make you gain quit a bit of weight. If your on the computer a lot you are sitting around and a lot people eat while they are on the computer. So now you are sitting around the computer eating. That can make you gain weight. I know from experience that being active and going outside or exercising really makes you feel good. Once you gain all that weight it is very hard to get rid of it. Sitting around like a couch is not healthy. You can become obese. So you could say your happy with your weight but no one ever said it was healthy. A lot of people have died frombeing that beaky. It puts a huge tall on you life. If you dont want to die from being to heavy then I advise you to get off the computer and go outside and live yor life. The last thing that makes computers so bad is the drama they cause. Mose pople have facebook, aim, or @CAPS1 but if you ask anyone with one of those they will most likley say they have gotten in a fight through one of those. Also now they have something new called formspring which can let you be anomous and people go on yours and just say horrible things. One of my friends was a victim in that and it ruins you. Also their are so many people on facebook that lie about who they are and anyone can easily find out who you are and kill you now a days people know how to hack into peoples computers and get info. So computers can not only be unhealthy but they can be deadly. Why would you want any of those things to happen, when its so easy to just back on your computer time. Remember computers dont help your brain, they can make you fat, and they cause a lot of drama. So please dont use the computer."