"Dear editor, @TIME1 week, I noticed an article in the paper headlined ""@CAPS1 off the computer and go exercise."" This caught me off gaurd because there are many benefits to computers, such as it enchances education, you can learn about foreign countries, and you can talk to other people. Every school has a computer. Their easy access and very helpful. I know that @TIME1 year, if someone asked a question and the teacher wasn't sure of it, we would go strait to the computer. It also helps us do better on projects. I know I had to do a project @TIME1, and without the computer I wouldn't have it today. We also use the computers for the programs they have. In art, we made a cartoon, and made it look real with photoshop. It's also easy and fast to use a computer for research. You can also learn ahead far away places with a computer. For example, you can find out about other countries in the world. You could find out if it were landlocked, not landlocked, how many people live there, and facts similar to those. You can also learn the history about the country such as their leaders and government. Finally, you can also learn up-to-the minute-facts with websites like @CAPS2.com. Lastly, you can talk with other people using email, instant messaging, and websites like facebook, which allows you to connect with friends. With email, you talk with someone for buisness for to recieves links to @CAPS1 to websites, and to @CAPS1 information. Instant messaging is just like texting on your phone, except much faster. You can instantly talk to people and catch up with them. Thousands of people are on facebook. You can connect with old friends, and talk to current ones. I knkow my mom uses facebook and talks to old friends since she moved. So, in my opinion, I think computers are a good thing to have. Not only do they enhance your education, but they also teach us foreighn countries history and let us connect to old friends. When you were in school, do you remember your ""best-friend-for-life?"" @CAPS3, with facebook you can catch up with them, instead of them being a memory."