"Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 you know that eight out of ten homes in @LOCATION1 have at least one computer if not more? Computers help us with daily things and make many tasks, like writing an essay, much easier. They benefit our society in many ways. Without computers some families would lose contact with loved ones who are far away, not to mention it can keep many things very organized and neat easily. Maybe the best benifit is how you can learn about far away countries and cultures with the click of a button. Computers have endless posibilities to how they can benifit our society. Many people don't realize that some families can not be with eachother so easily as other. If a family member is in the service somtimes talking on the computer is the only chance they get to commnunicate with their loved ones back home. Saying that this is not a benifit is a lie. For others who don't have such sevier need of communicating it is still a convinient way to have a conversation with someone far away without racking up the phone bill for a long distance call. Also many times this can be an altenative to parents buying their children expensive cell phones. So having a computer is defanitly a benifit to communiting. The computer can also make many tasks much esier, for example if you were assiangned a @NUM1 pages essay in school typing it on the computer would be much neater and quicker than writing it all out. Also many buisnesses relay on computers to keep data organized and all in place. Like the program excel, @ORGANIZATION2 created this to make a simple way to organize data. It is much more efficient than than having every thing in different site with millions of texters in every draw. So another benifit of the computer is that it can keep tthings organized and poride easy ways to complete evey day tasks. Maybe the greatest benifit of the computer is how much you can learn so easily. Say I was curiouse about the recent earthquake in @LOCATION2, if I wanted more inofrmartion @CAPS3 head straight to the computer. You simply go to @ORGANIZATION3 or another search engine of your choice, type in the subject, one click, and bam you could read for hours all of the websites and articles that would come up. The computer is full of information, and is right at our finger tips, this is definitly a huge benifit to our socierty. The computer is a wonderful tool that can asist in so many ways, wether it is communication organization, or just curiosity. This advance in technology is just another way to improve every day life. Computers don't just benifit our little town of @LOCATION1, they benifit our whole socoety in all of the amazing things they do. "