"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 you can see, about @PERCENT1 of our population over use the computer. They should be out getting fresh air and spending time with their family and friends. On the other hand, the computer can come with much use. For many people. Family lives quite a distance away, @CAPS1 well @CAPS1 some friends and getting out of touch is a possibility. You can also learn about far away places, like @LOCATION1. The computer is often used for projects essays which is important. You can learn quite a bit with a computer. The computer can be used in many ways. One way is to keep in contact. Sure you can just go to the park and spend time there but not everybody live that close. For people who have relatives or even good friends who live quite a distance, a computer is what you @CAPS2. It is a great way to keep in contact. You can keep everyday updated at all times. For example, my cousin recently went out of the country for college she will be there for a few months so she has her own blog on the computer to keep everybody update and stay in contact. The phone is not always an option. To learn about far away places is great. Online you can learn about the history of specific places. You can see the towns and so much more. You can even see pictures. Maybe one day you will even get to see those specific places in person. How cool would that be? School is a big thing now-a-days. Students have project after project assay after essay and its a lot of work. @CAPS1 you grow older it becomes more work and with a computer, you will have less weight on your shoulders. With essays you can type them, and fix your mistakes without it looking sloppy. Projects are easy to fix to: so messing up isn't a big deal. On the other hand, more americans now than ever before are over weight. The computer has a lot to do with that. Most people will come home and sit on the computer for the rest of the evening. They don't realize what a big effect a computer can make on a person. More people should be out exercising. Spending time with family. Computers can be negative thing or positive. It can be more helpful than you could imagine. But, yet it can make a huge negative effect on people. It can help keep contact with people to learn about far away places, or even school work. Let it be benificial, use it when you @CAPS2 it."