"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 a family. Just a normal family whose lives have been changed due to computers. They are overweight, constantly suffering from fatigue, lonely, nature deprived and lazy. However, they could of turned out differently if they just shut down their computers. They might of healthy. fit, energetic, radiant, hardworking people if they had stopped spending hours on the computer daily. Although there are some positive computers can be dramatic. They isolate you from friends and family, they deprive you of the nature around you, and most of all, they @MONTH1 cause you to become overweight or even obease. Friends and family are two very important things in everybody's life, even if you dont realize it. By using computers rather than interacting with them, you are the connections you have. Computers @MONTH1 cause you to isolate yourself. They might cause you to talk to your . Unfortunatley, friendships can be . ""Spending long hours on my computer had caused me to become . made me fell lonely, @PERSON1, @NUM1, says @CAPS2, by the use of computers you are doing yourself a favor. Computer can deprive you of the nature that surrounds you. You most likely would be on you ocmputer rather than going outside. Instead of spending countless hours on the computer, you could be playing a sport or activity. By playing sports you are increasing you hand eye coordination, far more then if you were to be on a computer. Wouldnt you like to be having funs with your friends playing vollyball, basketball, swimming or even going rather then sitting infront of your computer? I know I would! The obesity rates of this country will increse if people continue to use computers. You will rize about @PERCENT1 from lack of exersize. Computers can ruin lives by increasing your chance of becoming unhealithy overweight. So now think, would you want to be lonely, overweight, and deprived of nature? I know i definiely wouldn't. why computers should be used less frequently! So hows the time; lets join together and raise awareness of the negitive effects of computer!"