"Dear @PERSON2 - @CAPS1, I strongly suggest that people do not spend as much time on computers as they do comently. People will be doing much better things, such as exercising or spending more time with family and friends. Both these things are better for people's body and mind, and one more useful later in life. Please consider the following about why it will be more beneficial @CAPS2 people do not spend as much time on computers. First, exercising is an exellent alternative to sitting at a computer screen. A recent study by @ORGANIZATION3 and the @ORGANIZATION1 studies found that an average person spent five hours per day on the computer. By cutting out at least some @ORGANIZATION1 these hours, people will be able to make time for more exercise in their daily routine. Also, @PERSON3 at @ORGANIZATION4 says that ""@PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people do not exercise enough in the @LOCATION1 alone."" @CAPS2 some free time being on the computer is taken away, people will reward themself by taking care @ORGANIZATION1 their bodies. Moreover, I tried not using my computer for a week, and it was a great experience because in that free time I learned how to do a back flip in gymnastics. There are so many possibilities in exercising @CAPS2 people do not use their computer as much. Second, @CAPS2 people do not spend as much time on the computer, they get more experience with social skills. For example, @PERSON1 at @ORGANIZATION5 says ""@CAPS2 people spend time with family and friends, they gain necessary social skills for later in life."" A study at @ORGANIZATION2 showed that people who spend three hours or less on their computers have up to @PERCENT2 better social, verbal, and quick-thinking skills. Spending time with people's family and friends in stead @ORGANIZATION1 on the computer is exremely beneficial. I try to spend at least three hours a day spending time with family and friends and I have good relationships with them. Clearly, it is better to spend less time on the computer, and more time exercising or spending time with family and friends. Some people @MONTH1 say people can talk to people online so this is social skills, but in fact people gain better social skills from person-to-person interactions because they must use quick thinking and their emotions too. Altogether, I strongly believe spending less time on the computer is the best way to stay heathy mentally and physically. Thank you for considering my opinion."