"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 staff, Are computers helpful to us regularly? Computers are very helpful machines that increase productivity daily. Computers not only help people discover @ORGANIZATION1 places and learn more about other parts of the world, but also computer allow people to communicate with others around the world. In addition, computers have word processor and other applications that help workers do their jobs daily. So, now do computers help people learn more about our earth? Many teachers and students use computers daily to help them teach. There are many online websites that help students discover and process different areas around the world. For example, there is a @LOCATION1 website (www.canadamaps.org) and this website has a map and students have to match the place/area onto the map. There are also website such as mapquest & yellowpages to help people navigate cross country and around town. As you can see, computers also help students education and just our everyday life. A large amount of teenagers of all ages like to use a programs on computers called @CAPS1. @CAPS1 stands for @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3. This program allows people of all ages to talk with their friends or colleages instantly. What one does, is type in a chat box to someone and the message is instantly sent to the person. Emailing is used for many things. To catch up with friends, or to talk something with another. One can also attach documents that @MONTH1 consist. Emailing helps things go faster as well as your computers. But, if your newspaper were written out by hand, then that would take a lot of time, people, paper, & money. As you can even see, @ORGANIZATION1, computers are a necessity! So, as you can see computers really are needed. Computers affect us in many ways that aren't noticed clearly or easily. Like I said, computers teach and help people learn about different places among the world today, helps us communicate with others around us or in @LOCATION2! And as well, allow us to bring our work, family, friends, and cases everywhere we, in addition to computers allowing us to word process papers so our lives are ease for our everyday life. So, don't spent your life on the computer but use it for our needs. Please use computers to help our everyday routine. Stop writing on that pad, get up and type it on your computer!"