"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you probably have seen there is a lot of controversy over wether computers are helpful or harmful. I for one agree computers are helpful because, they help you learn about new things, talk to people around the world, and try new things. For instance have you ever wondered what the capital of @LOCATION6 is? Well with the you could find that answer in the blink of an eye, that's because the internet gives you unparraellel information that no book has. The internet seally lets you see what is happening in or world because there are various news sources, and blogs on the internet, @PERSON1 do you remember the earthquake in @LOCATION4 well I sure do, because I found it out on the internet. You can also find directions to places, sports stats and about different places. Well whats a better way to find out a bout those than talking with people who live there? I don't think anything is, seriously is it better reading about @LOCATION5 or talking to someone in @LOCATION5? Thats the beauty of the internet is it bonds the world together into a tighter realationship, I remember chatting with people from @LOCATION3 while the gold medal game @PERSON3. Sure some people would say that you could meet someone in person from a different country, well how would you meet someone from @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1, because I never have. People could say go to the place to talk to the person and, with the internet, it's very possible. Have you @PERSON1 wanted to go to @PERSON4? Well with the internet all you need is your credit card and you could be there tomorrow because the internet allows you to try new things. Have you ever wanted to try pingpong, it so you could or does a set offline and have it shipped to you in a couple of days, I always wanted to go to a zoo but, I didn't know of any, so I used the internet and see school for zoos near @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1 and before I could move the results for @PERSON2 zoo were right infront of me. That is why the internet is very helpful. To sum it all up the internet is very helpful to people who use it correctly, but I agree that the internet can be inappropriate. With blackson the not needed sites the internet can do almost anything."