"Imagine this: You entered a raffle at your child's school for an all-expense paid trip to @LOCATION1, and you won! You are so excited until you realize you know nothing about @LOCATION1. You don't know what the weather is like, you don't know what kinds of food they eat. You're not quite sure how to prepare for the trip. So you go online and learn everything and anything about @LOCATION1. You pack appropriatly, and you have a great time. All because you had a computor. Computers can help you get a better education, no matter what your age. It also gives you the ability to keep in touch with friends and family, and are necessary for many jobs. Computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures. We know so much more about other places now than we did before computers. But computers can teach you so much more than just different countries. They can teach a whole new language, or help you understand the science lesson better. There are many online colleges where you can learn the lessons online and on your own time which is good if your really busy. The internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family. You can use email, instant messaging, video chatting, or you can make an account on websites like facebook or myspace. For example, my cousin is in the navy, he has been for @NUM1 years, and before I got a facebook, I had lost touch. Now I talk to him all the time. When most people hear computers, the first thing that pops into their head is ""internet"". But that's not all a computer is good for. Nowadays, many jobs use computers. Banks, @CAPS1, teachers, @CAPS2, even cashiers. Computers are no longer a luxury; they have become a necesity. In fact, @NUM2 out of @NUM3 jobs require a computer. Computers allow you to type up that book report, or make a very important letter look professional. Computers have changed the world; and once it's changed there's no going back. So, it looks like access to a computer made that trip to @LOCATION1 easier. Clearly, computers have become a part of every day life. You can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your job. But most importantly, you can learn so much!"