"Dear newspaper I think that there are many reason why computers are good for people. Compters are good for people because they help keep friends conected. Reason two is that they can be great knowledg   for people. @CAPS1 third reason that computers are good for people is that there are many programs that are team based and help people with teamworks and team building skills. Those are three of the many reasons why I think that computers are good for people and have had a positive effect. First of all, I think that computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected. If you move to another town, go to a colledge far away, or move because of a job you will most likely, if @CAPS5 is further away, loose connection with you friends. But, using a computer can solve that problem. In social networking sites like @CAPS3, twitter and myspace you can simpily look up your distant friends from  you previoulsy lived and have contact with them. Youi can catch up with each other, recall good times you've had, end maybe make plans to meet each other sometime. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 have been reconnected using social networking site on a computer. Experts also say that @CAPS5 is important to stay connected with your past to sustain a well being and to be happier. I have had an experience when a scoial networking site has reconnected me with a @CAPS2. When i was younger I had a @CAPS2 whos grandmother lived  to @CAPS1 dad. After a little over a year of  him being good friends be moves to @LOCATION1, I thought I would never hear from him again. Later that year I also moved to a different town, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 searched me on @CAPS3 and we got connected again, I have found out he moved back to where I use to live. That is the first reason I think that computers are @CAPS4 good for people. The second reason, @CAPS5 is that computers can be great knowledge scources for people. If you ever need to set information   that not have to  through the  of book,then, a computer is the thing for you. As long as you than  to find an accurate and reliable scourse than a computer. Is an amazing tool. You can look up almost anything and you will be able to find locks of information on @CAPS5. Statistics show that you can find @PERCENT2 more information on a computer than a book. Experts have stated that soon books will be obsolite and computer will rain  as knowledge scources. That is the second reason why I think computers are good for people. Last of all, I think that computers are good for people because there are many programs that help with teamwork and team buildings skills. What I  by programs is yes of course videogames. Almost all of the computer games out have multiplayer features. Withins the multiplayer universe there are match types that involve a great amount of teamwork. In the age games you must communicate and talk to your team if you want to win. And that is the only way you will win is by using teamwork. That is @CAPS1 third reason why I think computers are good for people. In conclusion, I think that computers are good for people, they help to reconnect friends, , knowledge, and build teambuilding skills with programs that are out for @CAPS5."