"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are helpful once in a while but @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people believe that they are a waste of electricity. Computers aren't beneficial to everyday life overall. When people are on the computer they spend multiple hours on it. This means that they aren't getting enough exercise and that they are harming them bodies. Not only this but people have a tendency to use this machine obsessivly. They spend more attention on the computer and not enough time with your family. Every one knows exercise is important. However, what happens when we don't get enough? Heart disease is the number one cause of death in the @LOCATION1. Heart disease is caused by obesity. That's what happens when you don't exercise. When you are on the computer you are sitting down rather than moving around. This means that your motabolism isn't going and you burn less calories. That is not healthy for anyone. Even people in perfect condition. Gaining weight isn't the only way you can potentially harm your body. When using the computer you have to look at the screen which is with very bright @CAPS3 lights. After looking at the screen for so long your eyes will begin to feel the affects of the lights. Many people say its like staring into a flashlight for an extended amount of time. About @PERCENT1 of the kids at our school wear glasses because of using the computer for to long. That @PERCENT1 is @PERCENT2 more than we had before. We used to have about @NUM3. Like I said before, when you use the computer you use it for an extended amount of time. What about family? They deserve more attention than a machine. To spend more time on the computer than your own flesh and blood isn't right. In a survey an average of @NUM4 out of @NUM5 people said that the spent about eight hours on the computer between work and home, and about an hour with family. The results were more than shocking with all of this in mind, ask your self how useful the computer really is. Sure it's good at researching things quickly but its also good at making people gain weight, making people spend money on glassses and tearing them away from their family members. At the end of the day, the computer isn't very helpful at all."