"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 a student I believe that computers have many bad effects on people. Most people think that computers are just new helpful technology, but there is more to it than just that. There are many things going on in the cyber world. Computers are quite helpful in school research, work and other important stuff, but there are many bad effects too. Kids these days are so attached to their computers almost all day after getting home from school which means that they barely do homework, projects, and important assignments from getting too distracted by the computer. There are some parents who get tricked by their kids that they are just doing homework, but reality is that kids these times are meeting tons of strangers through social networks such @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5 @NUM1, @CAPS6 and other networks. Once that they decide to meet in person with these strangers many things go wrong because not everyone is @CAPS2 nice @CAPS2 they @MONTH1 seem through the internet. It shows how dangerous it can be for kids to be using the computers so much. people such @CAPS2 young children, pre teens and teenagers are able to view many harmful and inappropriate things anyone their ages shouldn't be viewing at all. Another concern is how people spend all day on their computers probably eating any type of junk food and then they don't exercise at all and they gain weight and not well fit physically which becomes a health issue for kids @CAPS2 age @NUM2 to much older people such @CAPS2 age @NUM3 and much older too which turns out to be a bad health life for people. From people spending nearly all day on the computer, they aren't able to go out and discover new things, exercise, hang out with friends or just have fun and spend time with their families. I also do strongly consider that the computers or laptops should not stay in a kids room because then they lock themselves in their room all day and they even stay up till really late even past midnight and then it becomes a real issue for kids or adults to get up early in the @TIME1 for school or work and are usually late. This pretty much shows how computers are not so great for people all the time. In order for people to be able to use their computers and have a life they can plan out a schedule of how long to use the computer and it might help them out a lot."