"Dear @CAPS1: Some people believe computers benefit society. However, others feel they are too consuming. I for me I belive computers help society. Computers teach hand-eye cordination, give people, and even allows computer to chat online with other people. I'd bet your job requires you to use a computer, you probably even have a personal computer which you like to use to chat with friends. I do that all the time and I like it. Another thing I like are sports. One of my favorite sports is softball. In softball you need to have hand-eye cordination, this will help you swing at the ball more accuratly. When a pitcher throws the ball you have to had the bat at the right angle and watch the ball to know when to swing if kids used computers and become good at hand-eye cordination, then possibly more kids would join a local sports team, and possibly even join travel team. Do you like to travel? I do, and are why I learn about places before I go is by looking that particular place up on the internet. About three years ago I went on vacation to @LOCATION1. I wanted to know what it was like there because I had never gone before, so when I looked it up I found out that they had many torist attractions and ""packages"" that let you swim with dolphins, I was very excited to go and when I did, I had a biast, and to think if I didn't look it up I would not have known what kinds of fun things they had! No wonder so many people like computers! One of the biggest reasons why I like computers is because I can chat with my friends online one main attraction online is @CAPS2, everybody, primarily, has one. Some people have one because they like to look at pictures. I have one because I like to chat with my friends. One night I was chatting with a friend we were laughing having a great time, and then she reminded me that we had science homework due the very next day! I thanked her and then completed my work. You see if kids chat online their friends can remind them of important nescesitys such of homework. This could impove grades by @PERCENT1! So you now see why society needs computers and if you have forgotten let me remind you: computers teach you hand-eye cordiantion, let's you learn about faraway places and people, and now allows you to chat online. Just think what would society be like with no computers."