"Dear local newspaper, Computers are a waste of time! People that say they are helpful are just using that as excuse. Some people say they are good for research and talking to people. Both of these things you can do without a computer. Computers are just a money wasting thing that get in your way of life. People spend hours on computers talking to people. You don't need to do that. You can use a phone instead and call them. After a study they proved that talking on a phone is cheaper then using the computer. In this economy why wouldn't you want to save money while getting the same thing also on a computer you don't really talk to the person you are really just typing word to them. This can be very dangerous. Who know if the person talking to you is really the person you think. Why take the risk when you can just use a phone! Using the computer is like smoking. It is very addicting! People stay on computers for hours every day and don't get exercize. If you just sit there moving your hand you are not really burning calories. This is a huge problem! Obecety is already rising with the number of fast food places and computers are making it worce. And the worst part is parents don't care some children go on the computer for @NUM1 hours a day and there parents don't encorige them to go outside. Children need encorigment to get moviing or they will never start, and they will get bigger. We need to form a group to help stop this or before you no it @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION1 will be obeise. Another excuse that computer lovers do is they say they are doing research on a country. Even though this @MONTH1 be true there are other way you can do this. Why not ride your bike to the library and get a book on the country. By doing this you will burn calories and get to learn the same stuff you would have on the computer. Also not everything on the internet is true so you might have false information. By getting a book you know it's true. People that love computers will never get away from them over night it @MONTH1 take a month or two but if we act new we can make a change and put a stop to it. Computers are a waste of money. You can live without then very easily, and without them the world would be a better place. People are being lazy and use excuses on why they need a computer. If you are stuck on a computer for @NUM1 hours a day you will never have any family memories. All you will remembor is when you were on the computer, and who wants that."