"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 it has been brought to my attention that why on a nice sunny day like this somebody would want to be inside. The sad truth is that too many people are wasting their time inside on their computers, rather than enjoying the day. Computers are negatively affecting the @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 population. We are getting to a point where our whole world might be absolutley crazy if nothing is done about this. For one the @LOCATION1 has the most obese children in the world. Generally children should be running around burning off their calories; even some people in their teen years should. Instead kids are sitting in front of computer screens on their virtual games and emails and such. Even doing chores around the house could bring down the obesity rate a lot more then sitting on your butt staring at a screen all day. The whole screen thing brings me to my next point. Staring at those bright flashy lights for too long is not good for your brain, what computers cause @NUM1 out of @NUM2 child ceizures a year. The radioactivity in a computer could also mess you up a lot by giving you cancer, with no cure for any cancer yet you have to figure that everytime you are on that computer for too long you are putting your life at risk. The longer youre on the more and more and more radiation is going to youre brain. Do you really want to cut your life short knowing you are the one that did it to yourself, it could almost be called suicide because if youre reading this than you've been warned. So we've basically covered the effects that computers have on your body physically. The computer can also effect you mentally and socially. When @DATE1 comes along you will have all the time in the world to be on the computer but did you know over vacation you lose @PERCENT1 of everything you learned in school. Its been proven that computers cause memory loss. So what if you get back to school and you can't keep up with what's going on, frustrating isn't it? If you would've just read a book during the time you were on the computer maybe you could've gained knowledge rather than using it. Computers can affect you socially because not everybody wants to sit inside on the computer so while people are out having fun, you will be all alone, by yourself with nobody to talk to but a computer, would you like a computer to be your only friend? The debate about this topic could rage on and on for days and still have no winner but in all honesty when you go to turn on that computer think to yourself, is it really worth it? Think of everything you would lose, everything you could never get back, or would you rather do something that you would gain from in the future. Its your choice but be responsible enough to make the one that would benefit you."