"To @CAPS1 @CAPS6 @MONTH1 concern: @CAPS2 I have been informed that you had the idea that more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society. I strongly disagree, I think that computers have a positive effect on people. Having computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about @CAPS3 and faraway places and even allow people to talk online with friends or family. Don't you want your children to grow up with great hand-eye coordinatio? More than @PERCENT1 parents voted yes. As shown in many statistics, adults and children that use the computer for an hour or more a day have better hand-eye coordination than a normal adult or child that only uses @CAPS6 once a week. By using the computer for more than one hour a day your typing becomes quicker and your reactions increase. Not only does typing quicker effect your computer techniques but @CAPS6 also helps you outside of your home like in sports. For exsample, if you play the sport baseball, the speed of your pitch will increase over @PERCENT2 if you use the computer for over a hour a day! If your a batter your racation to the pitch will also increase by over @PERCENT2! Just by using computer. Is time running out for your @CAPS3 project to be do? Without computers, you wouldn't get the information you need quick enough. Dr. @DR1 from @ORGANIZATION1 state ""You can get the same information on people other countries, and @CAPS3 from the computer as you can . By using the computer you get the as a book and easy. In addition, you have to buy books to get their information unlike computers where they dont you look up the you and in expensive, dont settle for less get the best! Over @PERCENT3 of @CAPS4 have old friends of family out of the state that they would still like to keep in touch with. By having a computer you can chat with them through your webcam! Instead of calling them up or sending them an email you could chat with them and still see them in the flesh! Several computer owners say, ""@CAPS5 like your actually hanging out with them!"" @CAPS6 takes over @NUM1 days at least to recieve a letter back or an email from them if they live faraway with computers @CAPS5 instant ! Wouldn't you like to talk to friends and family every day instead of waiting around for a call, email, or letter? I think yes. All in all , having computers is a great investment. I would also like to point out that without computers you wouldn't beable to talk with friends/family online, get better hand-eye cordination, or even have the ability to learn about @CAPS3 in just a click of a button! Isn't this what you want? "