"Dear editor: @CAPS1 you know that @PERCENT1 of people in the @LOCATION2 have comuters? These computers are definatley benefitting society. People need computers to get updated on important issues, contact others and learn new information. Computers are neccisary for everyday life. It's very important that news gets around, and one way for it to do that is by computers. Average people like me and you need to know the weather, global issues and many other important topics. If you use the computer to get updated on important issues you will be able to acess the information right away. For example there is no need to wait for the weather to come on the television when you can find out the weather for your local area withen seconds. Just recently there was an earthquake in @LOCATION1 and million of civilians died. if a natural disaster was to happen somewhere in @CAPS2 people would need to know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is updated. Not only does the computer help us get important updates on global issues but it is also a great way to contact people. My relatives live very far away and we can't afford the long distance phone call charge and so we e-mail them. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people contact far away friends and family by e-mail! The computer is also a great place for friends to contact each other through social networking sites, such as @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5. People need to interact with other people and the internet is a fantastic place to do that. Finally computers can also be used to learn new information. If children need to find inforamtion for a project or essay the can easily search the internet and find an answer. Kids need to acess the information that is neccisary for school on the internet. Computers are useful for adults as well. If adults want to learn something new all they have to to is search it on the computer. It's so much easier than going out to the library and finding that information in a book. @CAPS1 you know that most adults use an online dictionary to find the definition to a word? Computers can find every answer to your questions. In conclusion, computer are really benefitting society. Computers can update you on important issues, help you contact people, and find out new informatiuon. These avandces in technology are good for human society."