"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 home computers is a good thing for many reasons. One reason is because people can use computers to learn about other countries and people. People can also use computers to type and save paper. Also, people can use computers to talk to people living close or far away from you. Finally, computers can save paper by replacing books. One @MONEY1 the most important reasons why people need computers is because computers can help you learn about and research other things going on in the world. If a student needs to research a country and write a paper about it for school, it is much easier and faster to use a computer than to look through a textbook.Computers are also better and faster than a textbook if you want to know more about a person or a culture. Using computers to type are also faster than writing a paper. Using a computer can save time and money when it comes to typing a paper. When you are typing a paper, you don't have to worry about @CAPS1 handwriting or breaking your pencil. You also don't have to worry abut spelling something wrong because computers can check you spelling and grammar. What you are writting a paper you have in about all @MONEY1 these problems and more. You also have to spend money on pencils and other writting suppplies. Computers also saved people @MONEY1 becase they didn't need to buy paper to make textbooks. Computers also evolved how people can communicate with each other. Before computers were invented, you couldn't talk to people in other countries unless you paid to use a phone or sent them mail. Now, you can send instant mail which saves days @MONEY1 time and paper. You can also use webcams to talk to family members and people you don't know. That can save you a lot @MONEY1 money because you don't have to pay money for postage stamps, phone calls, or plane rides to visit them. Those are some @MONEY1 the best reasons why @CAPS1 a home computer is better than not @CAPS1 one. A home computer can save you time when you want to research a country, person, or culture. They can save you money because you don't have to buy postage stamps, pay for phone calls, or pay for plane rides to visit someone from a different state or country. Computers also help save paper because you no longer need to make large textbooks or use a different price @MONEY1 paper when you make a writting mistake."