"There are over @NUM1 students at @ORGANIZATION2. & out of @NUM2 students have computers. Computers have a positive effect on people. Students who use computers are more skilled than kids who don't by learning all the software and hour to be safe when online. Computers teach kids hand eye coordination, which can come in handy when playing sports. Also they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Finally it allows people to talk online with other people. Computers make people develop hand eye coordination. When someone plays a sport live baseball or basketball, hand eye coordination is definetly needed. say your a catcher, and then catch it. Almost every sport needs hand eye coordination and computers help you get it. Hand-eye coordination can also be useful to people with jobs. If you work with computers for a job, it is helpful to be well known wit the keyboard for fast results. Mostly any job along with sports requires hand-eye coordination. Some people have the gift that they have hand-eye coordination when there born, but for people who don't practice is the best thing. Learning about faraway places/ people is always facinating. On computers towns can put up webpages with pictures, information or even ways to help you plan a vacation. Theres also @ORGANIZATION1. @ORGANIZATION1 can help you find any place or you can find out anything about that place. Computers even give you the abilty to plan or visit a loc location by buying tickets online or maybe you just want to read what the place is like, you can do all that. Finally, computers can be taken any place with you and say you go to @LOCATION1, and you don't speak there language, well you can go to a translating site and figure out what things mean. Facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, all of these sites make it possible for you to talk with other people. Personally, I have a facebook, aim, and even a e-mail. A lot of the time I will go on facebook and talk to my friends from school and even my cousins that I don't get see a lot. Talking online helps you interact with other people that you might not see in school or around town, and also your friends that might not have a cell phone. It helps you learn social skills that everyone needs. Computers give you all that. Its easy and free way to talk to anyone you know whenever you want. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. Almost everyone uses computers, and they aren't difficult to use. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Computers are one of the best things that has ever been made."