"@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers are good for people. I believe this because many people get to see things that on their daily basis wouldnt. I think that computers have a positive effect on people. I think that many people now a days work alot so they might not have time to remember little things such as going to buy newspaper or they might not even have time to watch the news on tv, but because of computers they can read or see the same things but in less time. Some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working. This benefits sociaty its own way. I believe computers are very useful to everyone. C omputers can help people get in touch. They can keep in touch by using webcam and etc. It could also let them communicate. Computers allow people to see each other from different places in the world. It gives people a chanve to see the people you couldnt see from afar. In my opinion people can also learn from computers. Computers have many positive effects that are very important. They give people a chance to learn things. This can benefit sociaty because the more knowledge people have the better it is. It gives people who didnt get a chance to learn what they wanted to actually do so and learn it. Computers do benefit sociaty lets take @PERSON1 for example he says that @PERCENT1 of kids believe that computers have helped them in their own way. Many people can be bored at times but because of computers and the fun things it has such as games, videos... etc.. People get to actually spend some time doing something like @PERSON1 stated kids believe computers are helpful because by playing those games it can give them hand eye coordination and help them in different ways at the sametime. (takes away boredom and lets them get good hand eye coordination) Computers also benefit sociaty by letting people has such technology. Many time technology is needed in everyones life. Technology has helped many people and still continues to. Computers is one of the technology that helps people. Technology can teach people things that they do not even know they could do. In conclusion I believe computers have many great positive effects on people, and it also doesnt only benifit people that use this technology it benifits others in a way too. It gives everyone a chance to learn about things, and do them so I believe computers are a great thing to have."