"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 a world without computers. Where would we get all of our information from? Would we have to religh on television or magaziens, where information can be changed? Or how would we ever get any reports done for work or home work? I know many people who don't write neat, how will any one read it? Basically, computers effect our lives so much in a good way that it would be chaos with out them. Computers allow people to learn how to type which can improve all around skills such as hand eye coordination, they let us connect with places we are not familiar with and see family members, and they allow people to have an online education which can help with the economy. Computers effect us in a very good way and they change our every day lives, @CAPS2 children these days cannot type. A recent study done at @ORGANIZATION2 showed that @PERCENT1 of kids older than @NUM1 already know how to type on a keyboard. Computers have such a big effect on us with so many skills that people don't ignoledge enough. Because all of thoes kids know how to type, they can spell better too. I remember one time when I was in the middle of writing a report online. I got @NUM2 a word I didn't know and had always had trubble spelling it. So I took my time and typed it out one letter at a time, and it was correct! This example shows that computers can effect everyones lifes, even younger kids. The way that we get information from computers is just like the way our hands get information from our brain to move. For example, when babies learn how to walk the religh on their brains show them how it's done. This is just like how when there is a natural disaster, such as the earthquake in @LOCATION1 we religh on our computers to show us and tell us what is going on and how something like this could happen. Computers can effect us this way because there are many things we might never know about our world without them. Computers effect families everyday lives by giving them online educations. My @NUM3 year old cusin told me that she was happy her mom could go back to college from home because then they could spend time together. I know you might think that computers can make families get further apart but they actually bring them closer together. There is only one choice and that is that computers effect all of us in a good way. They can help us learn how to type, connect us with our world and bring families closer together. Without computers we wouldn't be the same as we are today."