"Dear local Newspaper, I hear you are whether or not computers have a positive effect on people. In my opinion, i think that, yes, they do have a positive effect on people. I think this because @NUM1. Computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. Computers are often helpful to those with special needs, and @NUM3. The computer allows you to connect win people who @MONTH1 live faraway with out having to travel to them. I really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture. I know that from my own experience that the more knoledgable you are about foreign places and culture. The more smart you become overall. Without the computer, many people would not be able to explore these places and learn about them. The computer is basically a big encyclopedia that supplys important information to those who are unable to travel across the world and visit these places. Without computers, people would be less educated about the people, cultures, and the world we live in . Places such as pyrimids in in @LOCATION1, and . Don't you agree? In my school there are several students with special needs. I, personally, can't even begin to imagine how difficult it must be for them to learn. But one thing i do know is that the computer is a very helpful rescource to them. The computer supplies pictures, sounds, and interactive activities that really help kids out. Since some of the kids in my school who have special needs have a hard time reading. The computer helps by reading it aloud to mom. Where would those children be if they didn't have computers? I love keeping in touch with my distent family and friends. Don't you? It used to be that it would take days and days to send and recieve a letter from relative. @MONTH1 because of the computer, hard task can be done with a simple click of the mouse. But thats not all. Besides sending virtual e-mail to people, because of the computer, you see them face to face! Some computers have webcams that allow you to see someone through the screen of your computer, isnt that great?! So, why waste money flying to see someone to deliver a simple message when you can deliver it personally in almost less than @NUM4 seconds? Becaose of the computer, people talk more and are often brought closer together. So, as you can see there are many important positive effects that computers have on people. The reasons being @NUM1. computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures. @NUM2. computers are often helpful to those with special needs. And @NUM3. computers allow you to connect with people who @MONTH1 live faraway without having to travel to them. Thank you for listening."