"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know computers are a major part of our society. Ever since the first computer they have been improved so much, that now you dont even need a keyboard. Having computers benifits our society because it allows us to learn about technology, and how to memorize when we start to type a lot. You have an opportunity to learn about things you like. And @CAPS2 a plus you can communicate with people from all over the world. Every day you learn something new! Learn a lot now, and you will be better off down the road! That's all teachers say. We'll computers do just that. Computers can teach us! The more you use a computer the more you know about it. You can learn about how it's made and the vireses it can have. The computers can also teach you in a way you might never have thought of. When you sit at a computer and type you start to memorize where certin letters, numbers and punctuation are. Now you @MONTH1 ask what about the little kids? How do they learn from computers? They sell millions of games for kids to help them learn even before pre-school. In fact @PERCENT1 of all kids who start off playing educational games before entering pre-school are ahead. How great is that? Kids and adults both go on computers. For kids when they go on computers they are doing things they enjoy. For example my brother is really into parcore. Parcore is when a bunch of people do flips, off of buildings, walls, or anything they can find. When he goes on the computer he looks up different parcore tricks he can do or learn to do. For adults they use it for work. They to, might have to look up things for a meeting they might have, or a buisness that they might have to work with. Using computers could be fun for some and work for others. But eather way they are using computers ina way that can help them down the road. Communication is one of the main reasons people use computers. There is e-mail, @CAPS3, twitter, facebook, myspace, and so much more.If you were to ask ten randum people on the street and asked them if they have a facebook @PERCENT2 of them will say yes. Communication is key when it comes to buisnesses and relationships. For relationships like family and friends having a computer to talk from if they are far away is great. Even for buisnesess using those internet communications you can communicate to people if your going to be late. Computers have been and always will be a huge part in our society. The computers help us in ways like learning communication, and work, knowing that this technology can help us suesede is great."