"Have you ever had someone move away and you wanted to keep in touch? Well having a computer allows this to happen. @CAPS4, it gives students the to learn different places. People and much more. But why do some people not hire them? First computers allow you to talk online with friends and family. For example using email, @CAPS1 and video chat for example I have a friend who moved away and now we email back and forth to keep in touch. @CAPS1 allows people to chat instintly and upload pictures and videos. For examples my @CAPS2 @CAPS3 pictures of my baby cousins so people can see how their growing up. Lastly, some buessnesses use a webcam to talk to other people. Say the boss on a the but to see how he employees were doing withness him he could hook up a web cam and have a conversation with them. That is how computers allow people to the @CAPS4, computers @CAPS4 people to learn about things, for example if a student rod to make a topic they could type the topic a website like bring or google and they could find all the answers they needed to help them with their project. @CAPS4 if a family wanted to go on to see they could search for it and find a hotell and sites they might want to see that is how computer allows people so that the reader can read their hand writing. @CAPS4 they help pay taxes. For example, turbo tax is an online program that allows people to pay taxes online and it remembers every tax you have paid. So if some company sends you a notice saying you havent payed a bill you can go on turbo tax and check. So reader these are some ways why people should enjoy computers. They allow people to talk to friends and family by email, @CAPS1, and @CAPS4 by webcam. They @CAPS4 give people the ability to learn information faraway places and people. Lastly what is so bad about having a computer? They allow people to pay taxes online and @CAPS4 type papers. Computers are needed in this day and age or else some people would not be able to survive without them. So reader these are some reasons why people should easily computers."