"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers do not have a positive effect on people. Thanks to computers people arnt being active as much, enjoying nature, or interacting with family and friends. One reason this is true is because people are not exercising, they're too busy playing on the computers. People are gaining weight, which is already a problem in the @LOCATION1 because of unnecissary technology. There are plenty of sports that could be done, such as soccer, baseball, football, and so many more. People seemed to manage fine without computers and were a lot more active before them. Another reason computers don't have a positive effect on people is because they don't go out and enjoy nature. People spend too much time looking up beautiful place and animals when they could easily go explore around outside! Take a walk by the forest or in a local park, even by the beach and you'll see loads of animals. Not to mention, the immense amount of different plants and flowers they have never noticed right behind their very own home! No computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often. Thirdly, a reason why computers arn't positive on people is because they're not interacting with other people. Some people are too busy on facebook or myspace, e-mailing or @CAPS3-ing each other. Sometimes they arn't even talking to who they believed they were, it not only dangerous but unhealthy also. Whats wrong with giving someone far away a call? You can actually hear their voice and know its them on the other line! Its rediculous how people will e-mail a friend thats down the street. It would be much simpler and healthier to just walk over to their house. The two of you can chat and take a walk, or play a game, not just sit infront of a screen the whole day. Computers make interacting with other people, in person, a lot more difficult. With computers people are not active enough, don't enjoy nature often, or interact with others as much. They simply are not a positive effect on people. You should also agree and let computers stay to perfessionals."