"Have you ever had a computer? I'm sure if you was around my age you know how fun it is to explore the internet. It's a brain tht gives you information about everything. But, its not good for you to just drop everything and go to your computer. Things like exercise, socializing and homework matter. If you don't exercise you begin to gain weight, if you don't socialize you'll be an lonely person. Homework is the most important, because it'll help you really well through life. It's fine to go on the computer time to time, but not for hours. Exercising will keep you in shape and if you plan on playing sports, you should jog a couple times of day. Some people make you feel bad if your bigger than they are. For example, I knew someone who was a little big for his age, but people didn't like him and they always made fun of him. I would suggest that you should keep your mind on more important things than a computer. Do you have ant friends? Or did all of them leave you because you wouldn't stop surfinh the web on your computer. As a teenager you should be socializing with your friend at the movies, arcaded and parties. Not in the house on the computer. Especially with your family, because you never know if they're going shopping for you ask me that's selfishness. Every since you got your computer have you been receiving bad grades? Education is the most important thing you need in your life. Without it you can't be or do anthing, because you wouldn't have a degree to get a job. If you don't have a job how can you pay for electrity bill for your computer? Education can get anywhere, if you want it. If not you can be a homeless guy in the street holding a computer that doesn't work. Do you still think this has a positive effect on people? You should talk to parents about getting their child an computer. For example, tell the parent to put a password that only she/he knows, that way he has to ask you to sign onto it everytime we needs it. Blocks off things that you think is important for your child., especially if your child is into sex. That is why I don't think it gives people the right kind effect they might need."