"Imagine our beautiful town filled with unhealthy, lazy, noninteracting and addicted people. The issue to grapple with is should you the local people, spend more time on computers or not, I believe @PERCENT1 that we should not spend all of our time on computers. It can ruin your eye sight, you don't enjoy nature while interacting with people, and most importantly it make you very unhealthy. Can you picture @CAPS1 person in your town blind and having glasses or even going to the @CAPS1 @DATE1? Just ask eye @PERSON1,"" @CAPS1 year I get and more people coming to the eye doctors. You might say that it is good for me but it is not good for you. When you are always on the computer it erodes you eye-sight over time. ""@CAPS2, many people wear glasses now more then ever. @DATE1 @DATE1 in the local newspaper, they had a chart that showed how many people ruined their eyesight over the years from computers. It went up almost @PERCENT2 from @DATE1 year and @PERCENT3 from the year before. Almost everyone that has a computer and is addicted to it has glasses. Have you looked outside lately? Have you notice that @DATE2 is coming and there is leaves on the tree now? If you were one of the people that is glued to the monitor of your computer then I doubt you were. Computers and technology ruin your time with your family. Many jobs on the computer how out it isn't a @NUM1 job. In that time you could be spending time with your precious little girl or even the best friend out side in nature having fun. @DATE1 year I wanted to play catch with my dad, but was on his old computer doing what he does. I didn't want to play alone so I just stayed inside and went on my computer for the day. Do you want that to happen to @CAPS1 person, everyday I wouldn't. Yes, people would rather be a couch potatoe and chat online, eating a bug of a million junk food chips instead of going out and interacting while slaying fit, but now it is important that you do. Just picture lazy, obese. People sitting on their couch all day with their eyes blood from stearing at the monitor for hours. But why do you than you @MONTH1 ask, it is because they never some outside. They never go for a jog or eat healthy foods. That is very unhealthy and can higher your chances of getting different cancers. Just ask @PERSON2 from the hospital,"" @DATE1 one guy was rushed to the hospital because of a very common cancer that you get from unhealthy living, he passed away @NUM2 days later. It was very sad."" I strongly believe that being on the computer to long is a very bad idea. It can ruin you eye-sight, you never get to see nature and interact. But most importantly, it is very unhealthy. It is now or never, You would never know if you can be that man in the hospital with that cancer. The issue to grapple with is should you take that risk or stay fit, healthy and happy? So take a joy, eat a healthy, snack, and limit your time on the computer."