"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have some opinions on technology is going these days and about how many people shun the idea of further advancement for the understandable reasons that it brings people away from family and that it draws people's attention away from the rest of the world I do see their point but I'd like to make a point myself. While statistics show a @PERCENT1 decline in recreational activities people also find more things to do and now that the world is more concerneD for the environment you will probably see people coming outside again because they heard about some new environmental actavist group to join or they watch a movie that makes fun of live action role playing and decide to give it a whirl. My point being that you never know what your going to discover in the media and its better than sitting outside all day with no insperation, waiting for your parents to get home and give you information from outside you tiny world. The other item I will mention is the music industry and how it is revolutionized with more advanced, and different ways of listening to it in fact the only problem in music today are the artist and how they take advantage of recording studies and on occasion another just to gain fame! Without doing anything but sit back and lip sync. But the technology of the day give us the ability to listen to music the golden age of music now. So why not advance and invest in the music industry, it will provide entertainment and fun for years to come. Advanceing technology is the music industry actually is probably good for the economey as well I mean if we didn'@CAPS4 have new @CAPS3 to bell to people every year that would be a huge decline in stock market prices not that were not in a crash right now but it wouldn'@CAPS4 be any better. That goes for cell phones too and any other piece of hardware that gets frequently upgraded it's just good for buisness. You see I belive that the point of life is joy so whats better than settling down with mabey a date some candlelight and a romance or thriller on the @CAPS4.V most people will enjoy just sitting down and watching the telly it's easy to relate to. The television has evolved in many good ways it's a way to lay down and unwind learn about so many different things mabey watch a show on @LOCATION1 it makes you feel like being there without actually being there. I helps us get updated on current events shows things that we want to do and shows us how to do it. I for example have learned so much from."