"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 posission on the computer contraversy issue is that computers are good and so vital in todays everyday world. Computers are a good way to communicat, they are most people main source of info and buisnesses use computers for various importanat task as well. Computers are a great way to comunicate. You can @CAPS2 with your friends, email your peers and now there are website you can go on where you can talk to your friends or a stranger. Being human I do sometimes forget @CAPS1 homework or school asignments. In that situation I would just go on @CAPS1 computer and @CAPS2 a friend asking them for the assignment. Its quick easy and it works. There are also websites where you can talk and connect with other people who share the same interests as you. Its a good way to make an online friends. The computer goes beyond just allowing you to talk enables you to connect with people no matter where you are. Do you ever have a question that you instantly want or the to? Just go to ""google"" or ""@CAPS4"", tpye in your question and recieve an immediatly. AHve a reaserch paper due on @PERSON1? You can do all of your reaserch online. There are thousands of website loaded with information can anything and evrything. Youc an enter yout topic a search engine and find hundreds of sources that way. You can easily fine information any subject you want, or find the name of that song you just heard on the using your computer. COmputer are used in buisness environment too. Computers are used for getting messages to different people in the. They are also used to create and presernt presentations marketing campains and now product ideas, also many companies use the internet as a source of advertiring and need the bublicity to sell their. So the computer is necessary for to function as well. So in conclusion computers are not over used, they are just used for so many things that at some point every one will nead one. They are a good way to communicate, an important and main source of info and they are also used in buisness environments too."