"I think that computers have a positive effect on people because you can communicate with different places around the world. Store things on them, and use them for entertainment. Computers have a positive effect because you can communicate with other people around the world. This is good because instead of calling people you can go on computer and talk to them for free. Long distance phone calls cost a lot. But if you can just go on your computer and talk to them there's going to be no charge. Being able to talk to other people over the internet is very useful and fun. If there wasnt a computer people would be talking to as much people and there social life would be bad making there life not as exciting. This is one reason why I think that computer have a positive effect on people. Another reason why computers give a positive effect in people if you have a lot of paperwork that is just lieing around is in the way. Well if you have a computer there are featers that your able to store thing and because much more organized. Being more organized there is less stress one you start to feel better about lossing things and being able to find them. This is why I think that computers are very great and useful. The last reason why I think that computers have a positive effect on people is that people can use it for entertainment. Computers can do many things like play game, listen to music, watch videos, and chat with your friends. Being able to play games for free on your computer is awesome. If you cant aford to get a game system them you are able to go on your computer and play pretty much what ever game or close to the game that you want to play. A computer can also play music. You can have @CAPS1 and download musics to something or go to web sites that have musical on them. Also you can do video chats with your friends if they live far away. I hope that I convinced you to like computers more and think that they are great and have a positive effect on people. Being able to play games, store thing, and chat with other people is pretty amazing."