"Imagine how people felt back then when there weren't any great technology. What if you didn't see your best friend in years and you lived long distance? Well now its this advance machine called a computer. Its very great and its a well hands on activity, that helps you with eye cornation. However, @CAPS1 going to tell you somethings about this device and now it affects humuns daily life. Moreover, the catogories are have a great relationship, online cources, and be on the best local websites. Did you know about @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 have a successful life with online-dating. There's tons of people who struggle with relationships. For example, one day my mom and dad got into a series of arguments. She felt that the relationship wasn't good enough and she needed to meet a better man. On the other hand, she decided to live a better life and find dates (over the computer) and live a new life. These are the fantastic things you can do on the computer to have a better relationship. Your a highschool dropout because you cant keep up with the class. You dont turn in your homework and fail every test. Also, you feel that there is nothing you can do to fix it. Well not so fast my son! Now you can take online cources to boost up your grade and make you feel comfortable. Imagine sitting at the computer, completing every assignment and doing every homework there is. Watching your teacher teach, to you through a webcam. There's nothing like it, in fact you get the homework faxed to you. Someone in this world is living this life, it could be you. There's new websites all around the world today. However, there is no better website with all your friends on it. For example, myspace, facebook, and twitter. All websites that can stay in contact with your best friends. Another, that can be even more intrested is webcam. It's live from home fotage face to face on the computer. How cool is seeing your friend when your not together? Third of all, communication makes the world go around that why more and more people meet new friends. In sum, as you can see there's a lot of fun things you can do on a computer. It affects humans lives because more and more people are intrested in this device"