"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 this ever happend to you? ""@PERSON3, did you do your research?"" ""@CAPS3, my computer crashed."" ""@PERSON1 did you practice typing @TIME1."" "" @CAPS3, my computer crashed."" "" @CAPS5, why weren't you online @TIME1? I really needed that sales report!"" ""I'm sorry @PERSON2, my computer crashed."" @CAPS6 it @CAPS2, you have realized that computers do benefit people. Whether its doing a class project, practicing for a computers class or exchanging buisness ideas, computers are a big help to society. First of all computers are a big help when it comes to a computer class at your school. There might be a certain speed that a person types and to pass the class, and the teacher could assign practice on your own home computer. It is a fact that @PERCENT1 of kids that have some kind of personal ocmputer at home get @CAPS7 A's in their computer class. I can back that up as well. In my computers class. our teacher stresses the importance of practicing at home to get your typing speed a little higher. Every @TIME1 I would practice but one @TIME1 my computer crashed, and I could not practice for the whole work with my luch the final exam @CAPS2 on @DATE1 instead of getting a @CAPS8 or A, I got a @CAPS9+. I blame that grade on not having a computer at home. Secondly, computer can be used for learning @MONTH1 different things as well. Maybe on a class report you needed to write something about the traditons of @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1. Instead of running over to the library and wasting your time with a book. You could just open up your laptop and look it up on the internet. Not only does it make for less time, but @CAPS6 you look it up on the internet, you will get way more search results than @CAPS6 you search on a library derectory. In addition, by using computers, you can look up the cutomers of a foreign country, or look up programs than could help you learn a new language on computers, you can not only learn about your own country but you can learn about foreign ones. Thirdly, computers can enchance many skills that are needed in the modern buisness word, such as socialization skills communication skills, and even learning about the younger generation. @CAPS6 someone had not gone on an instant messaging program or a video chatting program. They would not make it in the world of today. The people need to learn to intract with each others, and solve problems. @CAPS6 someone is not used intracting with people, they @MONTH1 not make a good buisness man or woman. People must be able to communicate as well @CAPS6 people do not communicate with each other. We will all end up dies in the headlights. We will al be lost and will be able to run buisnesses, or hold meetings, for example I needed to plan at adore for my project group to work on a project, and so I went on my computer hoping they were online basically they never showed and so I could not work with my partners at all. I ended up doing all their work. In conclusion I hope you have absolutely coundered my opinion about the computers have on people like I said, computers can be helpful @CAPS6 comes to computer classes, researching foreigh affairs, and even communicating with others thanks again for even reading this letter."