"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the effect of computers are that, it depends on how much you use the computer. But I think the computer has a possitive effect on people. Why because it has made us kids homework easier to do, and fun sites you can check out. Even for adults when they need to look up something important they can automatically find it in the computer. First reason why I think the computer has a positive effect on people is because it makes @CAPS1 homework easier, instead of getting it from a book I can get it from @CAPS1 computer. Trust me it's much easier than reading all those types of books when you have a computer. Then you can just type in what you want and it would automatically pop up for you. For example, when you have an essay to right about @PERSON1 @LOCATION1. All you have to to is go to @CAPS2.com and all types of past @CAPS2 would show up. Then you go to search and put in @LOCATION1 then all this @CAPS2 of him comes out. So you get the right information that's an easy A+ for you. Second reason why I think the computer has a positive effect on people is all the sites you can go on and play games or go on youtube, or myspace. It's alot of things you can do on a computer to have some fun. For, example, say you don'@CAPS3 want to play your game or watch @CAPS3.V, or go outside. What do you do, get on your computer. So you can check your myspace page or watch funny videos or maybe talk to some of your friends online. Think about it, you can'@CAPS3 do none of those things on your @CAPS3.V or your game and especially not outside so that's why I think a computer has a positive effect on people. Lastly, I think the computer has a positive effect on people because even adults like to get on computers. Half of every adults job has an computer that they have to use either to cash a check on a computer or teachers to put in grades and scientist to look up different experiments. For example a teacher alway's have to use their computer to put in grades or see what us kids need help on or how far we got and how far behind we are. So it makes it easy on adults as well. In conclusion, those were the reasons why I think computers has a positive effect on people."