"Dear newspaper readers, @CAPS1 this! Sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of potato chips. The @CAPS2 shows a beautiful picture of the @LOCATION1 you can almost feel the rain falling on you, you really want to learn more about it. All of a sudden you watch the remote fall to the ground you hand eye coordination is so bad you totally miss it when you try to grab it. On top of that, you remember you were supposed to meet your sister today who you seen for years but you can’t! if you had a computer you would be to learn about more places and people, it would improve your hand eye coordination, and you could interact with people without having time to meet them! Computers definitely have good effects on people! First, computers help to improve hand-eye coordination. It is a fact that people who own one or more computers in a household have better hand-eye coordination than people without computers! Don’t you want good hand-eye coordination too? As a matter of fact, my friend @PERSON4 had the worst hand-eye coordination in our school, now that her parents have bought her a computer, she is a lot quicker and definitely has better hand-eye coordination. She said that just looking at the screen and she wanted to go helped a lot. Also, computer time can states that computers have been proven to improve hand-eye coordination in the course of a year. that sounds pretty simple to me! Next, computers also  allow people to learn about other faraway places and people. Local middle school teacher, @PERSON2, uses computers to teach her students about the @CAPS3 culture and geography. That sounds a lot more interesting than just talking! My cousins saw an article about @LOCATION3 once and they thought it was amazing they learned a lot about the culture there and actually took a trip there! Furthermore, vacations.com says that computers are the #@NUM1 cause of people traveling, because they see pictures and articles about places. You can learn about any place you want on a computer, doesn’t that sound nice? I’m sure there is one place you’ve always wanted to learn about! Finally, computer allow people to interact with other people around the world You can talk with your long lost friend who lives in @LOCATION2 just by the click to the mouse,(send). In a recent study, over @PERCENT1 of people just talk online to their friends rather than going out to meet them. How convenient! Also, expert computer teacher, @PERSON1, says, “Computers are geat inf you can't meet someone, you just talk online”. Have you ever needed to cancel a meeting? Computer are really beneficial to busy people. Now readers, @CAPS1, your sitting on that same couch you look at the @CAPS2 to see @LOCATION1, you quickly type it into your laptop and an article right in front of you read more about it learning something new in every paragraph. All of a sudden you lose your grip, but you catch your laptop just in time, what hand-eye coordination! Then you remember you were supposed to meet you sister @PERSON3, but you have a hair appointment. You quickly tell her via computer you cant meet her. She says it’s alright and you guys keep chatting it all worked out! It’s so simple! Computers teach hand-eye coordination, let you learn about more places, and interact with more people. So what are you doing readers? Get out there and get a computer."