"Computers were built to help the people make tasks easier and quicker. Since then, they have been updated over and over untill what they are today. Computers are a part of most peoples everydaylives, and essential to most bussiness.But the common question in our society is, are computers really benefitting us? My answer is yes. Computers do many things for us. They teach us hand-eye coordinatin, give us the ability to research effectivly, and recently, became a great way of communication, @CAPS1's are definately benefitting us. One reason why computers help us is by teaching hand-eye coordination. In a magazine I read, one expect, (@PERSON1) said that leading to type without looking is a great way of improving reflexes. The speed that you type is improved with practice. Another way it improves hand-eye coordination is by learning to click and react to different things effectively. I often on being ammused by playing games on the computer. These games usually are hard, but with my improving hand-eye coordination, I am learning how to play these games well. My father always tells me to learn my way through a computer because they are our future, soon, mostly everything will be done by them with the improving technokolgy, it is impossible for it not to be benificial to our society. Our home computers have been great at teaching me thing like hand-eye coordination. Another reason why computers are great is by making that tough history paper, just a click away. My garndfather always tells me how easy I have it. Instead of going to the @CAPS2 and having to pick out a book, I just go to google and have an entire search engine infront of me. When we go into highschool we will need a computer to suceed. To keep our essays organized, our research effective, and the clear to read typing right infront of us. My brother tells me that having a computer is the best investment has ever made. Last year, we had a science assignment to figure out how our heart beats faster. This way very easy considering I typed it in and had hundreds of ways to increase my pulse rate. Computers have changed the way we research and finish school works. The last reason why computers are fantastic is beacuse they make communication just a click away. A couple weeks ago, my coach emailed us that our gametime has changed. This doesn't seem like a big thing, but without his @CAPS1, we would've missed the game. My cousin @CAPS3 is from @LOCATION1. Me and him meet only once a year. With that limited time, we can't really get out what we need to. Recently, i bought a webcam and have been chatting with him on it every week. It is almost like he's with me. All the girls in our school can't get enough of me. So I get home after sports, go on, and theres always enough of me to go around. Webcamming is a great way of communication. With all the new computer going on sale and new appliances coming no one knows when it will stop. Well, the question still lingere, are computers benificial to our society? The answer @MONTH1 never come about, but at least for me, improving hand-eye, researching being a breeze, and communication just waiting for me is a pretty sweet deal. So for now, I stand by the opinion that computers are great, and extremely useful to everyone."