"Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to you to let you know my opinion on computers and technologies. Computers have now become part of our society and culture and is very important by following reasons. One computers let you surf online anytime you want. Two, computers allow people talk online. First reason why computers are so critical in our culture is that computers let you surf online anywhere and anytime you want. This is very convenient. What if you live far away from the nearest library? When you have to write a research paper? Jane lives @NUM1 miles away from her town library. Her mother could drive her ther, but what if she wasn't at home or driving someone else to a doctor's appointment? This is when computers come in handy. Jane can just simply go online and do the research! Not only that but also, ""www.internetsocool.gov"" states that information you can find in a regular library is about @NUM2 of information you can find online. Secondly, computers let you talk with people both faraway and nearby online and videochat. This is very useful for me. Since I live by myself in @LOCATION1, I miss my family a lot. Although with internet, I can talk to my family whenever I want! Also, you can video chat with your lab partner to discuss how you can make the lab report better! @PERSON1, the author of ""@CAPS2 @CAPS3"" also states in his book that over @NUM3 million people use internet to videochat for educational purposes. In conclusion, ivideochat @MONTH1 sound like something to do for lark, but it is actually used for many good purposes. On the other hand, some people say that computers are bad. Some say that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and spending time their family. Although, ""The @DATE1 survey of what people do,"" states that @PERCENT1 of people who use computers are healthy both physically and emotionally. Just because we use computers to make our life easier, it does not mean that we don't value spending time with family. In conclusion in our culture because are very crucial in our culture because it can let you surf online and help you interact with people who live faraway."