"Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper: I am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people. Computers have a positive affect on people because they help students as well as many others study, they allow you to access stores by shopping online and computers allow people to communicate. After reading this letter, I assure you that you will agree with me. The first reason why computers have a positive affect on people is because they help students as well as many other people study. If you have a test or quiz in @CAPS1, you can go on your computer and print out @CAPS1 practice sheets. Or if you have a vocabulary exam you can find the definitions fast and easy on the computer. In the times @ORGANIZATION1, a statistic shows that @PERCENT2 of students in the @ORGANIZATION2 find computers there best studying tool. They find it affective and fast to use. Last night, I had a test on the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and I went online, typed in ""The @CAPS3 @CAPS4"", and found @MONTH1 helpful cites on it. It was useful and did not waste my time. Using a computer for studying is a very good reason why it positively affects people and makes them happier but their is on even greater one. Secondly, computers have a positive affect on people because it saves people time by shopping online. So many stores now allow you to purchase stock on me. it is easy .with a click of a button and saves you time driving to the stores. In @ORGANIZATION1, it showez that @PERCENT1 of @ORGANIZATION1 across the @ORGANIZATION2 said shopping online improved their lives by making it less hectic from driving from store to store. Shopping online creates a positive, less hectic life for many people around the world. Online shopping having a positive affect on people by making their lives less busy is a great reason but there is one last even greater one. The last most important reason why computers have a positive impact on people is because it allows people to communicate with each other. Communication through computers are extremely powiar. With instant messaging or email of even blackboard, a new teacher-student communication site, computers are often being used for communication. i surveyed @NUM1 kids and @NUM2 said that computers are there main source of communication. Communication through computers it has a positive affect on people in many ways like to communicate easier for work, to talk to your best friend on e-mail who just moved to @LOCATION2, or to simply send out invitations for a party to all your friends. Computers have made life easier for many through communication, making a positive effect on them. This is why communication having a positive affect on people is the most important reason. To conclude, computers have a positive effect on people because it allows them to study easier, saves people time by shopping online, and allows people to communicate. With all the ways computers help us there is no reason why they would negatively affect us. I know that you will take this into cons ideration. Computers are making our lives easier day by day and who knows what they will be able to do in the future."