"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1't you agree that computers should be limited or often not used? Recently, it has been brought to my attention that computers have a negative effect on society. Without a doubt, I firmly believe that computers should be a hobby not an addiction. People spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends. Most teenagers are involved with cyber-bullying which takes place on computers. People spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising. I can remember when my step mom @PERSON1 was a size six in the waist. @PERSON1 would exercise everyday after work for two hours. This all changed when my dad bought her a lime green, @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2 laptop for her birthday. @PERSON1 quickly became addicted to @CAPS3 (computer game) and began to cut down on her exercising routines. Six months later, when she went to a doctor's appointment she found out that she gained more than ten pounds. @PERSON1 is now a size fourteen in waist. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of people gain weight because they cut down on exercising so they can have more computer time. Most people spend to much time on their computers and less time interacting with family and friends. This reminds me of my step dad @PERSON4. When @PERSON4 gets home from work he usually goes straight to the computer instead of having a conversation with the rest of the family. He gets angry when @PERSON2 (@NUM1 years old) bothers him because he wants to play. @PERSON4 is usually online. From three o'clock till ten o'clock playing chess with strangers from all over. What he doesn't know is that while he is building relationships with strangers he is breaking the bond between him and his loved ones. @PERCENT2 of teenagers are involved with cyber bullying. This reminds me of my cousin @PERSON3. Last @DATE1, @PERSON3 became a member of @CAPS4 @CAPS2, iTrouble quickly began to find her. In other words, girls from ages thirteen to twenty began to send her threatening messangers. No later than a day when @PERSON3 was walking down the street a gang of girls jumped her. However, she survived the brutal attack and deleted her @CAPS4 account. In conclusion, without a doubt, I firmly believe that people shouldn't spend to much time on computers. My three arguments are cyber-bullying, less exercise and less interaction with family and friends, @CAPS7 take my suggestion seriously and bann computers."