"I agree with the many peole that but benefits society. Computers can be used as a learning tool, allows communication with distant family and friends. Lastly computers give you something to do in your free time, such as playing games. First of all, I know many people think that others wasted their time on computers. But most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done. There are many educational websites that people can go to to learn about any subject want. If you want to know more about different cultures such as @CAPS1 @CAPS2. There are websites to tell you everything you wih want to know. Computers also help yet work done. There are multiple programs designed to make writing papers or presenting information much easier @MONTH1 people use these programs to yet ahead in their work and present facts easier by using these programs it is very hard to lose and work that you do because it is all saved into the computer. Next, computers are agreat way for many people to pass some free time. Many websites are designed for this reason. Some allow you to play games and other websites let you watch video made by other people, while some people @MONTH1 spend to much time on this many offers know moderaton and spread their time even other websites hard videos that are used to portray important issues, for example the president has given many through @CAPS4 videos because more often people are on their computers and not watching television. Lastly, computers are a great way to communate with distant firends and family. There are so many ways to do, such as email, or many of the social networking websites. My family being immigrants from another country my family. Thinks this is a vauables tool for talking with our family, and I am sure that htere are many ohters who use the computer this way as well. People also make and keep in touch with great friends through the @CAPS4. I use @CAPS3-mail as a way to keep in touch with many of my friends that I haven't seen in tears, my parents have also found long lost friends that they had before we moved through facebook I also allows people to communate important ideas faster than a letter could. Many scientists use the @CAPS4 to publish ideas and experiments. Finally, I agree with people who sad computers benefits society computers help by being a tool to learn and get work done, pass free time and see important information and lastly computers allow communcation with very far and distant family members."