"When you use or computer, you have the ability to do virtualy anything. The internet has millions of users and makes life a lot easier. You have acess to talk with people who are all the way across the world! You can search any topic and learn more about it. The internet even encourages you to get outside and see things for yourself. In the @DATE1 it just a seasy to contact someone in @LOCATION1 as it is to contact someone at the other side of town. As long as oyu have a internet connection you can stay in touch with a friend thats moved aparent on a buisness trip, anyone! Some @MONTH1 say that you should just use a phone but you could use video chat on the internet. You can see someone who's thousands of miles away, as if they were right infront of you. These days its harder to not stay in touch than it to stay in touch. @NUM1 or @NUM2 years ago any information you neede came from a book. You would have to go all the way to the library, find the right book, and read it. If you were lucky you could find a bit of what you were looking for. These days you simply type it in to a search browser and you instantly get thousands of webistes on that topic. The internet allows you to learn about any subject you'd like. You can spend @CAPS1 experts or give that some poeple spend too much time on thier computers. Seeing all those great places and beautiful pictures encourages @CAPS1 poeple to get outside and see it for themselves. On a recent poll @PERCENT1 of peopel went on a hike after seeing a youtube video about how great it is to get outside. The internet has a massive effect on us. It can also bring families together. For example at dinner, you can get a great recipe off the internet. In fact, you can get millions of great recipes. The internet was an amazing idea. @CAPS1 would argue that it was the greatest invention ever. Yes, it can be dangerous, but with proper education on it the internet is a good source of information and an @CAPS2 pass-tie, if not abused. Being able to see and talk others so far away was seeminly impossible a few decades ago. Getting information has never been so easy. We are lucky to live in an age where the intenet is right at our fingertips."