"Dear @CAPS1 post, I know that people are spending way to much time on computers instead of being out side. People are becoming adictied to computers. People are spending way to much time on computers because there addicted to them, over weight, and not getting any exercise. I am telling you we need to address this matter. People have become addicted to computers. @PERSON1 says that in @DATE1 there were @NUM1 people useing computers, and it @DATE2 there are nearly @NUM2 million people using computers, thats a big increase in the last copple of years. People are becoming more addicted because of facebook, twitter, and much more computer sites. Yale says that in @DATE3 the number of people on facebook was only @NUM3 thousand in @DATE4 there is over @NUM4 million people using facebook, I dont know about yoe but that seems like an addiction to computers to me. People are getting tramensly over weight. One cause of this is addiction to computers, people just sit infront of there computers and eat and eat and eat until there over weight and unhealthy. Dr. @PERSON2 says that in the last @NUM5 years the average weight of a person has gone up @NUM3 pounds due to them sitting in front of their computers and eating. Doctors say thay cant do any thing about peoples weight unless they turn off all of there computers witch they dont think is possible. People are just getting to fat from sitting and doing nothing all day. Exercise is a key part of staying healthy. And by sitting infront of a computer eating, you'r not getting your exercise that is needed so people are getting fat. Dr. @PERSON3 says that people need to be aware of this problem. Dr. @PERSON3 also says that in the last @NUM7 years the amount of exercise people are getting has decreased @PERCENT1 thats why people are getting fat. He also says that its due to sitting infront of the computer and eating. People are getting no exercise due to computers. Im telling you this is a huge problem that we need to address. People are becoming addicted to computers, there getting over weight, and getting no exersise. Pleas @CAPS1 post listen, its a problem, but it is your dessision."