"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 you have a computer? Of course you @CAPS1, that's where you get all the information you need. Computers are good and everyone should have one. The computers let you learn new things and you can search anything you want to know. It also lets you communicate with your family, friends, or other people you need to communicate with. It can also let you see disasters in other countries and teach you about the world. Computers are good and benefit a lot of people in these ways. Computers can allow you to learn new things and search up anything you want to know. If you're in school and you need to @CAPS1 research, well there you go, you have a computer to help you. This is also good for jobs. Any one can use them and learn new things at the same time. It let's you @CAPS1 work, learn new things, and it's fast and easy to @CAPS1. You don't have to @CAPS1 all that hard work of looking for a book and spending so much time looking for the information you need. Computers are great and you should use it. Another great thing about them is that you can communicate with them. If you have family or friends that live far away or in another country, then you can communicate them by computers. You can easily webcam with them or e-mail. This is very easy and this way you can stay close to them. This is also good if you @CAPS1 business online. You can @CAPS1 your job and talk to the people you need to talk to. If you ever have to arrange on emergency meeting and don't have time to call the people you need to, then simply send them an e-mail and your set for the meeting the next day and so are they. This is a perfect way for communication and business. My final reason for computers is that they are perfect to learn about disasters in other countries. If you ever miss the news and you really wanted to see them, then you can go on your computer and see the news and learn new things and see what bad things have happened. Also if you live some where that isn't your home town, then you can go online and see what is going on at your hometown and visit for any special occassions. You can learn a lot of new things about other countries. Also you can learn about new places if you ever want to move to another country. You can see hotels or anything you want to if you want to go on vacation. This is a perfect way for transportation and learn new things about other places. In conclusion to all of my facts, computers are good. It lets you learn new things and @CAPS1 research. Also, it lets you communicate with family, of friends in case of emergencies. Computers are also great if you want to go on vacation or learn new things about other countries. If you have a computer, then that is great. If you don't then you better go out and get one because these computers are awesome and can @CAPS1 just about anything you need. Stop waiting and get online or go out and buy one."