"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 register, I am writting you to urge you that the affect computers have people is helpful. The reason I say the computers are helpful is because it helps give direction helping the economy and because you can send messages thru quickly (instant messaging). Read on so I could let you know how and why these things about the computer are helpful. @CAPS7 I know I said computers help gives direction but let me explain it like this. You know when you need to go out somewhere far and you don't know how to act there and have no @CAPS3 in your car. Well then think about it on computer is your only option left. Like for example when I was going down south @DATE1 we didn't have no @CAPS4.P.S and we didn't know how to get their. So our only option was the computer. We logged on to google on found our direction @NUM1. So this is the first reason @CAPS7 read the next on. Okay, okay, okay. @CAPS7 we all know the way our economy is rediculous. Away computers helping our economy is instead of people driving to go pay there bills, they could pay online. Because it's saving money and the state won't have to pay for questions to get gas for the cars often or get re-build. Like for example this gas station near my house is getting re-built because something went wrong with the pipes @CAPS7 this is costing us all about @MONEY1. @CAPS7 say this isn't away we could save the economy. Its about time to move to the next reason. Listen here, here, here's my @DATE1 reason how computers are helpful. Im other known as instant messaging. This is helpful if you don't have a house phone nor on cellphone and you wanna tell you a family member or friend something really bad had happened then you could tell thru by instant messaging (@CAPS5) because they would surely would get it. Like one time my friend aint have a house phone nor cellphone and somebody was trying to brake into her house she had instant message me to let me know because it could get send to my cellphone. And I called her mom to let her know and befor I know it another massage was coming thru saving ""@CAPS6 you."" @CAPS7 after reading how computers are helpful by helping give direction, save the economy and instant messaging, could you agree with me saying computers are helpful. Its still your opinion but you read minds so think about what you read on say it isn't true."