"Did you know that in a recent poll in the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 use computers everyday? Computers have a very positive effect on people, such as informing them on news, traffic, and weather right away, interacting with others, and learning new facts. Can you even imagine how difficult life would be without computers? They are a daily tool that millions of people use positively. One way that people use computers positively is by using it to be informed by news, traffic, and weather. For example, say there are signs of a hurricane going to hit near their homes. they would know righ away just by clicking on the internet. Another example is if there was a shooting nearby. People would be well aware of the facts by reading an article online. Computers help by informing people about danger so they and their families are not harmed not only doe computers help inform people about any danger through news and weather, but @CAPS4 their daily lifestyle. My father drives into work every morning, and is always looking online for any traffic updates so he can avoid them and get to work on time and safely, without computers people would be unable to know directly the harms and difficulties they @MONTH1 face. Another positive affect computers have on people, is letting them interact with others, such as video chatting and instant messaging @PERCENT2 of the world video chats and instant messages. It helps to make people more social, by chatting with their friends. Another example is, say you haven't seen a close family member or friend in a long time. Video chatting and instant messaging will help you catch up and develop a stronger realationship nobody wants to waste time in life not speaking for a long period of time to a close friend or family member, right? Computers help people by interacting with others throughout their daily lifestyle. A third positive effect computers have on people is teaching them new things. Students' main source for education is through the computer on the internet. @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 said, ""Computers are what helps my students grow. I have them use computers everyday for reports and to extend their learning"". They are @CAPS4 helpful to students because the internet now contains textbooks they use in class. That way, the won't need to lug around heavy books, and strss out for forgetting them, @CAPS4, if the student doesn't understand material learned in class, they can look online for extra help and guidance, malking their knowledge grow further. Without computers, lives wouldn't be the same in a negative way. Computers help people know news, traffic weather directly, interact with people, and learn new things. therefore, computers are very positive, since @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 use them now positively, why stop?"