"Dear @CAPS1, Some people say that computers are fun, smart, and do no harm. Is that true though? Do computers make harm? Well, for one thing, I know that computers can take up! a lot of peoples time. For example, many people don't go outside as much. This is because most people are usually on their computers. What are they doing on the computer you ask; well lets, find out. There are many things a person can do on a computer. It can be fun chatting, educational or hard working. A lot of people use a computer for fun. For example, many people use the computer to chat with their friends. There are many sites to chat with friends. That can usually take up a lot of peoples time. A lot people can talk for hours on the computer and that is what takes up their time instead of going outside. Another example is the games that people are playing.To me, the computer games are one of the biggest problems. This is because a lot of the games can be to much fun, that it can be find a game and play it all the time. This can not only take up their time outside, but it can ruin their life. The game can be so addictive that kids and adults might not get their work done. That can cause failure in school or getting fired at work. On the other side though, a lot of people use a computer for work and school. Beside internet chating and computer games, many people use computers for school and at work. People type their work up or they send work to their e-mail to bring home. This is a good thing about computers, but also a bad thing. It is a good thing because now people can get their work done faster. This is a bad thing because it is another reason to stay inside.For work, people depend on computers. They save work on their and they use computers to build things. For exemple, people use a computer to program a robot. Although they use computers for a good reason people should make time for outside. A lot of people need to take breaks off the computer: because computers can do harm. This is because if they spend all their time on the computer they can get sick. Going outside, exercizing and getting fresh air is very important. So people out there, get off your computer. Stop chatting, pause your game, take a break from your work, and go outside. Enjoy the nature. Most of your day should not be on the computer. Thank you for your time. "