"Would you like to be on the computer @NUM1 and throw away your life. Well, some people already are throwing their lives away. @CAPS1 you spend your time on the computer you can become obese, can lose the ability of interacting with friends and family, and can even lose the ability of exploreing the @ORGANIZATION1!!! Its now or never to decied @CAPS1 you want to waste your life over a computer. @CAPS1 you use your computer to much you can be at risk of becoming obese. You can become obese for @NUM2 reasons. You aren't exercising while you are sitting. Since you are sitting not doing anything else you start to eat a lot of snacks. finally @NUM2, is that you can lose the ability to walk as well because you aren't doing anything with your legs and the obesety makes it hard to walk anymore. The time has come to decide. Also, @CAPS1 you waste your time on the computer you can lose the ability to interact with your family and friends. @CAPS1 you have children you can lose the ability to watch them grow up to adults and can even push them away. Also, you can lose your friend because they won't want to hang out with some thats a computer all that you will have will be your computer. Finally, You'll be all alone because @CAPS6 one will be there when you use trying to finally interact with your family. It's now or neve to choose what you want to do with your life. Finally, while your on the computer checking you myspace or your face-book there's a bunch of things happening around the @ORGANIZATION1. Instead of looking through your hard drive you be looking over the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 or looking at the @CAPS4 tower in @LOCATION2 or finally even going to @ORGANIZATION1 in @LOCATION1! with your family. The time has come to decied. As a conclusion, wasting your life on the computer is bad and can hurt your life in many ways. I can maek you obese and take the ability to walk away from you. It could prevent you from spending time with family and friend and can even push them away. Finally you can waste your time at home and not explore the @ORGANIZATION1. The time has come to decied @CAPS1 you want to waste your time or not @CAPS5 opinnion is @CAPS6!!!"