"Dear local Newspaper, In my opinion computers have a good effect on people because people can communicate with each other, learn on the computer and mostly people can shop online. Overall think computers have a positive effect on people. Wow! Finally got to chat with my cousin from california communicating on the computer is great because you save money the because you dont have to pay a phone bill. Also most companys use email to chat between co-workers. Dr. @DR1 a  scientists say co-work who communicate are actually safer because they dont have to  anywhere and they can stay home. Today these are so many social networking sites people can improve their mental health and cause there selp esteem by talking to people on a daily basis. Lastly all this communicating is great because you dont have to travel to communicate with someone   the world is more eco-friendly. Wow! There are over I  information sites on the computer. On the computer you can also use programs to make graphs and tables to show data. Mrs. Can says if you show inpormation on the computer like using graphs you will increase how much you know by @PERCENT2. Another great thing is in order to learn you dont have to read books which saves paper and many most op the databases with informatrion are free on you save money and also it takes only seconds to find inpormation you want. On average it takes @NUM1 seconds to find information. Finally the computer is a great place to find information and enlighten yourself. Shoping on the computer, that must be immposible not with todays computers, shoping on the computer is great because you save time not having to travel to the , consumer reports says you can save @PERCENT1 op the cost up the product ip you buy on line because over @NUM2 stores have online sales with the technology have today you can compare pries op an item by visit clicking a button's then you dont have to spend extra going to both . On line product renews have bcome very popular becasue you can hear other people opinion about the product. In the end online shoping is great because you can save money compare  and on many great things. In conclusion computer have helped a lot to people because you can shop online communicate and learn , overall computer have really changed lives for most citizen"