"Computors have definitely had an impact on society that changed the world. People and life are now smarter quicker, faster, and easier. People who live on opposite sides of the world can communicate in an instant, for free. But what effect does this have on people? Something this big and having such a long history can't be good for some people. I don't think for some people it is. To start with basic, some people get too obsessed with computers. If they have life problems then they @MONTH1 seek the solitude and privacy of unfiltered and limitless internet. Even if you use a computer to chat with people, it still is no replacement for the real thing. In fact, studies show that due to non posonal ways of communicating such as text messaging, email, or chat rooms, can severely restrict a pasons way of connecting with other people. Don't get me wrong here. I do use sites such as facebook to talk to people. So, I'm not going to state that online talk is bad. I think it's a very good way of keeping in touch with people you can't talk to in real life. And, it's a good way to help friends and be there for them. It's done in moderation though. Getting information from the computer is very debatable. Some could say that the people being informed is a good thing, which I agree. Some others could say that knowing too much will make our egos so big that we will be ignorant. I also agree with that. I would also say knowing some things are good, but be careful of knowing too much. One once I find computers to be great in is originallity. In a world where we are raised to kill creativity, I find computers to be part artistic. In a way. It's personally helped me to discover what kind of music, drawings, creations, etc. that I like. I can also share what I've made so everyone can see it. Or listen to it. Or try it for themselves. In conclusion, I think computers are a great tool for use in moderation. Some people who are obsessed, it can be problematic. I think they are a great addition to society though."