"Did you know that @PERCENT1 @LOCATION1 people use their computers extremely often? Not many people don't have a computer these days and sometimes it's hard to get away from it. I think most people can control themselves, though I believe that computers are very important and also have a positive effect on people. I use the computer to talk with friends and family, to help with my homework, and I am still active. I spend quite a bit @LOCATION1 time on the computer, yet I am still a very active person. I take dance lessons twice a week and when I can. I ride my bike, play outside, or run on the treedmill. I would say that I am a very healthy person. It @MONTH1 seem like I am on a lot, but really I have something. Also, all my friends are on the computer and some @LOCATION1 them are more active then me. Most people spend lots @LOCATION1 time on the computer and are still healthy and busy with other activities. I would definetly say that I interact with my family quite a bit. In a family @LOCATION1 it is kind @LOCATION1 hard not to. Also, I hang out with my friends every chance I get. I interact a lot but the computer lets me talk to them when there not around. Most @LOCATION1 my extended family lives in @LOCATION1. The computer lets me communicate with them and even exchange digital pictures. Sometimes your friends. This has happened to before and I were too busy to get together or it was snowing and my parents couldn't drive. We still got to talk and have a nice conversation. Some people have to be on the computer all day. my mom keeps the books and managers many things for a company. She spends a lot @LOCATION1 time on the computer whether she likes it or not. This really cannot be helped. Sometimes it is just necessary. Also, teachers use it to help them teach classes and prepare materials for it. As s result, I use it for homework. I @MONTH1 need to check my homework, research a topic, or use it for help. I think the computer is absolutely necessary and is a very irresplaceable piece @LOCATION1 technology. I'm sure you will now agree that computers are helpful, not harmful. As long as you get equal amounts @LOCATION1 fresh air and family interaction, they have a very positive on people's lives."