"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers! Computers have a great effect on people. The advances in technology with computers benefits the society. Computers give people a place to chat with others, learn on school websites, and it teaches people hand-eye coordination. Computers are changing the world throughout everywhere. Computers give people a place to interact with others. There are thousands of websites that have chat places and are online chat rooms. That gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on throughout the world. Also, chat rooms on the computer can help friends always keep in touch. Studies show that ninety percent of @CAPS1 that have a chat room to go to with friends often have more friends than none. Obviously, the interactions with others on the computer have a great effect on people. School websites also give people benefits in our society. It gives us the ability to learn more about what we are learning in school and maybe the ability to learn new things too. When almost every school in the @LOCATION1 has a school website, that helps students who are having trouble in school I know that from my experiences that having a computer helps me in school whenever I forgot what my homework was or I need to study in a quiz or test, I can always go on my computer and find what I need for school. When the computer know that it benefits our society. Computers teach hand-eye coordination too. When you use the computer for games or anything you do it teaches you how to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes to used on the screen. Whenever I have the ability to use the computer, I always do. That's because with all the and websites it will teach us hand-eye coordination with I'm just having fun. Ninety-five percent of people who use the computer enjoy to use it. That's ninety-five percent of people who are learning more hand-eye coordination. If that doesn't benefit the society, than nothing does. As I have shown, computers deffinitly do benefit society. I strongly believe that computers have a positive effect on people. That is because it gives people a place to interact with others, to learn things on school websites, and they teach hand-eye coordination. In conclusion, computers have a strong effect on people today."