"Dear local newspaper, I think that computers have a positive effect on people because it helps them learn about foreign places, it allows them to connect with family and friends that live far away, and it helps them with their jobs. Computers help people learn about foreign places. Before my uncle went to @LOCATION4, he wanted to learn about their culture. He went on the computer and researched @CAPS1 culture, so that he can be prepared. How would you feel if you went another country and knew nothing about it? What if you were to go to that country and do something that was disrespectful to their culture, but you didn't know because you didn't do research on it? I know I would feel bad. Now some people might say that you can read a book on that country, but not everyone has time to sit and read a book. Computers make the world a little smaller and helps us learn about each other. I think that's pretty positive. Don't you? People connect with each other through the computer. More than @PERCENT1 of people who move away from their family and friends reconnect with them through computers. Nowadays there are social networking sites, like @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4, that gives people the chance to contact a family or friend that lives far away. When I moved to @LOCATION1 from @LOCATION2, I thought that I was never going to see my best friend again. But then, I got a @CAPS3 and found her on there. I was very estatic. We swapped numbers and addresses. Now everyday I talk to her on the computer. Also, the only way I talk to my aunty, who lives in @LOCATION3, is by the computer. I can't talk to her on the phone because that would run my phone bill up. Another reason that computers are positive is that is helps people find their biological parents or siblings. It brings them together and helps them reconnect with each other. Computers help people with their job. Anybody who is a @CAPS6 of a company has a laptop. It helps them store data, files, and important information. Computers are essential to these people. Also, it helps them keep track of their company if they go on a vacation. How would you feel if you owned a company and went on a vacation, but you couldn't keep track of it because you didn't have a computer. Computers have a positive effect on people because it helps learn about places, talk to their family, and keep track of their job."