"Dear local newspaper, I have recently saw that you think that people are spending way too much time on computers instead of excercising or hanging with their friends and family. Well I think the opposite of that opinion. People interact with people online if the want to. People can also learn new things. Plus computers help people make money. So read on to hear more. Most people that use computers are interacting with people someway somehow. @PERCENT1 of all people have either a facebook, a myspace, a skype, or all three. on any of those sites you interact with people. We can meet new people on the internet. Like people on the other side of the state or country. Also we hear about what is going on in our big or small town. Like for instance if there was a missing child we know the description, so we could help find him or her. Not only do people interact bu people can research useful information. For an example, one day I was told do a project on teen mothers. I went straight to the library I took some books out and whatever I couldn't find in the books. I went to the computer for. Also we can learn about faraway places like @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1. My mom always says, ""@CAPS1 your room or @CAPS2 going to give your stuff to people in need."" @CAPS3 the first time she said that to me I went to the computer to see how other people were having to me. Some were good, nice, big houses but tyen others lived in boxes and trash cans. That changed me big time, I felt really had for those people. Lastly computers help people make money and support their family. @PERCENT2 of all people found out about their job on a computer. Theycan go to websites to find good safe jobs that makes good money. Plus if you have a computer you can easily work from home. Some people dont have the money for babysitters so have to watch their kids all day so have to work from home to make money. Finally people can apply for jobs or even community service online. My sister, @PERSON1, got her first job by going on the @CAPS4 museums website and applying right there on the computer. Therefore computers are good. I say this because people can interact with other people online, people can research useful information, and finally computers help people find jobs and make money. Do you use computers for any of these reasons?"