"Dear Local Newspaper, I am here to tell you the negative effect on people because of computer usage. How would you react if you didn't have the time to exercise, enjoy nature or spend time with family and friends? Well some people don't notice that they are losing the time to do that stuff due to using the computer. No time to exercise? What does that mean? I can see these questions flying through heads of great people. No time to exercise means exactly what it sounds like, which is, since people every day are wasting their time on the computer playing games, chatting with people, ect. They don't get to do what they really want to do which is most of the time exercise. What about nature? Are you a person who likes to enjoy nature? I know I do. Since time flys when people are on the computer, which sometimes they don't realize, they would probaly be thinking I never got to go outside and go for a walk through the forest and enjoy the nature. Well @CAPS1'll do that sometimes, but the truth is when people say stuff like that, it doesn't help to motivate themselves, its basically saying I'll go for a nature walk tomorrow and if that doesn't happen I'll just have to do it the next day. Odds are that the person saying that won't actually go for a walk they will thinks its going to be okay and they will just keep pulling it off. What ever happened to spending time with family and friends? Oh I know, I know, all of family and friend time was wasted into being on the computer. people don't realize that since their time is being wasted into the computer and that they don't even have time to sit down talk to their family, have fun, go out with friends to catch a movie or something. As you have heard, more and more people are using computers, which I believe has a negative effect on them because they don't have time for exercising, enjoying nature, talking with family and friends ect. All of the time being spent on the computer is replacing the time for that stuff, and its not a good thing. Computers have a negative effect on people and I say we should find a way to cut down computer time."