"Over @PERCENT1 of the @ORGANIZATION1 owns at least one computer in their house. Computers benefit society because they help the earth, and are a fast way to spread important information. Also you can talk with friends and family on computers. We have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer. Yes, but we need these machines to survive. News @CAPS1 took a pull and said ""more than half of @LOCATION1 schools are now using computers to put homework on to save paper"". @CAPS3 we start useing computers to do things that we ushelly use paper for we would be saving millions of trees. For example you can send an email insted of snail mail, the mail would go faster and save paper! People who care about the earth make websites on the computer to inform people how to @CAPS2 just to see each otherthey could mail and talk all they want. Also @CAPS3 you like to use cellphone alot the waves kill apoximately @NUM1 bees a year. @CAPS3 you chatted with your freinds it would save bees lives. The first snow day we my parents forgot to check the schools website and I was out in snow @CAPS3 we didn't computers this would happen to every little students an snow @NUM2 @CAPS3 there was a storm and you. I'v went out the is another place you can check' to get the weather and keep your family safe. @CAPS3 there was a hurricane and the power like birthdays and weddings your computer has a calendar on it that tells you wherever you write something on it. @ORGANIZATION1 citizens spend over @MONEY1 a year on phone bills. You can talk to freinds and family on the computer and save thousands. When parents don't have phones they rely on computers to comunicate with people. Have your kinds ever had a freind who for away and your kinds spend hours to them? Well they can talk and see each other while on video chat and it will feel like still here. Its now or never citizens of newtown! You know computers, help the earth there a fast way to spend information, and they let you talk and see your freinds online. So get up and write our local news paper telling them why computers benefit our society."