"Dear local newspaper, In my opinion I feel like to many people spend to much time on the @ORGANIZATION1. People are getting obeast because there not getting enoff exersoce. Children are going on the @ORGANIZATION1 instead of doing there homework. Maybe perhaps a fmaily member is dieing and you rather spend time on the @ORGANIZATION1 instead of with that family member. all of this things are happening because of the computers everyone is getting. This can not be true! That over @PERCENT1 of the people inNew @CAPS1 say that they are putting on a lot of waight and turning obeast. I asked them what do they think is this to happen. Someone named @PERSON1 said the reason is the computers there taking over people lifes. The computers is the enomy of the people that it is a affecting most in life. Me as a child a @ORGANIZATION1 is throwing me off of my homework. I use to have A's and b's on my report card only. Right now it turned in to @CAPS2 and @ORGANIZATION1's are changing my life drastikly but not in a good way. As you know it your child could be going threw, the same terible things as me. You should start to check there homework instead of them just going on there @ORGANIZATION1 and forgetting all about there work life I did. Try and provent this. running down your face and feeling disaponted in your self. The one you love good past u way and you did not even spend time with he or she. Wanse again the thing that is called @ORGANIZATION1 did this. The disigen that you made because of the @ORGANIZATION1 would and is going to scare you for life. We the people that have computers would find out that they were never made for a good purpose just to distray what we do and how we spend times with are familys and friends. Turn your head and say no to the one thing that would reck you into little peases. How do you feel? I feel bad because I let something so little mess up my life. You still have time to change your life and say no to the computers. They could make you turn obeast because you are not getting enoff exersice. The one you love could be messing up because of the @ORGANIZATION1 that you have in your house. The worst thing of all you were not able to spend time with the family member that you love the most. The computers that we have are missing your life us you no it up. Just say no to the computers and live your life the best way that you could. Don't you feel bad that you let something so little ruen your live!?!"