"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, Are you aware that more than @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 families have ownership to a computer? Maybe so, but, were you informed that at least half of that @PERCENT1 have family issues or such related The issue in bond is if computers have a possitive effect or negetive effect on mankind. In @CAPS4 opinion, I feel that this invention @MONTH1 be is taking a negetive toll on society. I say this because now-a-days there are inappropriate websites that children should veiw, and it takes away time with family. But mainly because of the recent @CAPS3 issue. Without a doubt, youngsters such as are expertly and a website, we'll just do as we were told and on maybe we could find one by an accident. Who knows? All I know is, there too many to count adult websites that children from the ages of @DATE1 log on to everyday. This is unacceptable on a person why we should be prohibited in computers. No responsible parent would be caught dead with a @NUM1 year old on an adult website and computers make it harder such parents to do so. With such experience computers take away time with and when I had @CAPS4 computer, @CAPS4 always now we never spent time with her. She said the other day do I peel bananas,"" if i never got out on the computer, you would be right now,"" she was right. Whenever @CAPS4 brother and I got on the computer we'll stay in the all day. But every we've been together much @CAPS4 now and I feel that computers have a negetive effect on society is because of the recent @CAPS3 I was called to the office one day to be informed that a crew on @CAPS3 com had befriended me and they were using boys and girls for drugs and prostitution. People take advantage of computers and end reading peoples infos. This could have been prevented but it wasnt. Now it's your chance, I hope you will feel the same way as me when it comes to the negetives and positives of computers. But remember, computers have keep more websites that aren't good for young kids, it takes away time from family, but mainly because of the recent @CAPS3 issue."