"Dear newspaper editor, I think we should have internet, or computers at our houses. We should have it because we can chat with our friends and family, noone would get bored doing nothing and we learn new things from different websites. We should be able to communicate to our friends and family @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people in our school think having a computer is good. For example my friend moved to @LOCATION1, we couldn't talk on the phone. It was long distance I talk to her over facebook. There are a lot of websites you can talk on like facebook, twitter or even myspace you can even skype. skype is when you have a webcam and you talk threw it. My mom said that most of her friends chat online with her. It doesn't matter how old are you. Anyone can learn important things. There are a lot of websites that are educational @PERCENT1 things on the computer are worth having. If you are old and you can't go to school just go to google and type any math term, science, @CAPS1, or even learning a new language. Everytime I have to do my social studies homework I go online trust me it's really helpful. Some things on the computer are very fun. You won't get bored on the type of games they have. A lot of parents complain that their children are doing bad things in the streets. The do there kind of things, because are bored @NUM3 people think that statement is true. If they had a computer, and playing games, or talking to friends, they would be like they are. @STATE1 and @PERSON1 are two state that have more people that go on the computer than any others states. Remember it's not only fun. Everyone enjoys having a computer. I think we should have internet access because we can do a lot of things some people think it's bad, but not everything is. We should have a computer, because, we can chat with friends, we can learn important and interestings things and we won't get bored. I hope you made up your mind and decided that all internet access is not a waste of time. I'm not the only one that thinks that "" a computer is what keeps or alive""."