"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 of the students and staff members of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 school find computers verry important. Computers not only help people in school but at home too. I know that the readers of this artical will agree that computers are verry helpful, they teach us about people and things far away, and they are great for chating online! Most people use compoters every day! Computers are verry helpful tools in every day life. They always have a program that if you spell something wrong it corrects you. Computers even have websites of a dictionary were people can look up words. I know this is verry helpful because my brother is writing his collige essays and their are no colliges that will be impressed by a gramaticly incorrect essay. Computers also help you find things you need really fast, like food restrants and the closest malls, or even jobs! Not only do computers help people with spelling and jobs but they also can teach us about far away places. Computers can show and tell us of wonderful places beond what we have scean. A lot of normal societys familys have been on vacation before. To find an intriging place to go they can look it up on the world wide web. Even if a family cant go on a vacation they can still find from their computer cheeper closer things to do. When computers are beig used to find places and thing across the world and near you is they can also give teens the oppritunity to chat with their friends online. A lot of students in @CAPS3 hallow school have a facebook account. Most use this account to talk to their friends online. I also have a facebook and I use it almost everyday to talk to my cousin from @LOCATION1 that I havent scean sence I was @NUM3. But, computers arent just used for fun chating they can also be used for school blogs. In my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to participate in. This blog allows the class to not wast class time to talk about recently read books. In conclusion computers should be taken seriosly because they do help society. Computers help us every day, they teach us and they can be verry fun and eductional. Remember what @PERSON1 from the department of tecnolgey at @ORGANIZATION1 said, ""@CAPS5 can only get better if socitey accepts it."""