"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 oppinon about computers are that people should use them. Think about your children, when they grow up they will need to know how to use a computer for school, or even a job. It also teaches hand eye cordanation for multi tasking. The computer is also fun and easy to use. I am almost positve that you love to use a computer, who dosn't? @CAPS2 first reason is that you will need to use a computer in everyday life. For example if you are going to a job interview most @CAPS3 will ask how meny words a minuet can you type you need to be proficant. Also at school if you have a writing asinment due then it would take more time writing it than typeing it. All @CAPS3 you will have to type one time or another. Aspesaily your job as an @CAPS1 you need to use a computer everyday. The computer also teaches hand eye cordanation. Hand eye cordanation is kinda like multi tasking you could type and talk on the phone or even excircising and txting. Hand eye cordanation is a very important skill in life. All @CAPS3 you will need to multi task like at a library you need to find a book and talk to people. Even driving a car you need to multi task to stay on the hand, you need to use one fast from brake and gas and you need to be looking at the road. You must to multi task along with hand eye cordination. Your in luck a computer teaches you. @CAPS2 last and final reason is its fun and easy to use. I was @NUM1 when I started uing a computer I loved to play fun games. I never could type but I caught on because if you are having fun while you it will be easy to turn. Just like math its not fun but you have to larn how to do it. So if you like having fun while lurning some thing the computer is for you. It's now or never for people to larn, get @CAPS3 and get good grades. Its fun and easy to lurn how to use. It teaches you hand eye cordanation plus multi tasking. You will absolutly need to know how to use a computer for @CAPS3 and school. We need computers for life we always will need to use computers for every single day of our lives. Don't tell people it will note your brain or you will become unhelthy from being on the computer look past it. Don't you see all the good uses for computers?"