"Dear local newspaper- I understand that computers are becoming more of a ""must have"" in peoples everyday life. I believe this is a great thing! If you're on the computer you type which helps improve peoples hand-eye coordination. Also, you can learn more about people, places, cultures and much more. Lastly, you can communicate online with other friends or even meet new people. To begin, I think having computers is a good idea because it helps people improve on their handeye coordination. My cousin @PERSON3, who is a big time baseball player, used to have trouble catching the when he was younger. He kept trying over and over again and never gave up. Then, for his birthday his parents bought him a computer! He was so excited, but when it came to typing papers, he wasn't the best. Not only did he practice baseball but also typing. His family realized that buying him that computer was of the best ideas. It improved his baseball career (by throwing and catching the ball) and increased his grades in school. However, @PERSON3 is not the only one that has gained hand eye coordination from computers. A recent study from yale college shows that @PERCENT1 of people that use the computer for atleast a month gains some sort of hand eye coordination. @PERSON1, a teacher of the computer class at high school states, ""@CAPS1 freshman that I get in my class tells me that computers have made their sports careers easier because they now have better hand eye coordination."" Computers have two things in one, you learn to type and help your hand eye coordination. Do you want you @CAPS3 to be lacking that positive ability in life? In addition, computers help you learn more about people, places and cultures. I heard a couple nights ago that @ORGANIZATION2 had an earthquake. I also learned about the powerplant explosion in @LOCATION2, @LOCATION1. How do I know all of this you ask? The front page on @CAPS2.com! But, i'm not the only one who has gained this knowledge from the internet, so many more have too. @ORGANIZATION1 took a poll about how many @CAPS3 use the computer to do research and @PERCENT2 answered that they did. Does the society really want to take away @CAPS3 knowledge of whats going on around us and our history? In conclusion, people can communicate with friends and relatives. This is great if you haven't seen them recently, or if you want to just stay in touch. For example, @PERSON4, mycousin, just found me on facebook. I haven't seen her for eight years abut now I talk to her all the time. We talk about visiting each other and how our family's are doing. But, you can also talk to your friends too. Studies show that @PERCENT3 of @CAPS3 between the ages of eleven and eighteen talk to their friends over facebook on a daily basis. Dr. @PERSON2, a teen psychiatrist, says ""I think this is a great idea for @CAPS3 to communicate with other @CAPS3 through the computer. It gives them the chance to interact in a different way."" @CAPS3 have such a good lifestyle for them, do you want to feel guilty for ruining that? Finally, people have perfect opportunities right in front of them. Computers help improve hand eye coordination and helps you learn. It also lets people interact with others in a different way. Do you think that these golden ideas are bad for our society?"