"Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 you want people to be so memorized by a computer that they miss out in the world around them? @CAPS1 you want the kids in @LOCATION1 to spend hours each day on the computers playing games while they could be outside getting fresh air? The question then is, @CAPS1 computers have good effects or bad effects on people. The obvious answer is bad effect. People constantly use the computers teach them bad habbits and can search inappropriate things. IF people are always playing games the computers then when @CAPS1 they go out for a jag. The answer is never. People who are constantly on the computer don't get enough exercise. One reason why a lot of people in @LOCATION1 are obese is because they aren't getting enough exercise. Computers aren't helping this situation at all. Some people say, ""@CAPS2 I'll just spend an hour on the computer and then I will go work out."" But, the one hour on the computer turns into two hours, and then two hours turns into three, you know it you've wasted the wrote day on the computer and didn't exercise at all. Also, there are so many games on the computer now that can be really and you don't to stop playing them. Yes some games can be really entertaining, but you don't have to spend all day playing them. You can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go get air. As you can computer can mesmorised a lot so they don't get enough exercise. Second, people go on bad habbits. For example, kids are always. On the website you can talk to your friends. On the computer the problem is that people dont use the. Too much and get too used writing like that. Then, kids @MONTH1 start doing that on writing in school and most even know it. Also, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself. This makes it easy for strangers to. learn your. Lastly is very easy for people, even to search inappropriate things. Everything is on the internet and little kids are going to be very curious about it. They can search inappropriate words ad pictures and no one would ever know. people can past inappropriate information on their own for others to see that can be impossible to take. And, if parents don't know that their children are searching inappropriate things, then the kids are going to keep doing it because they know they wont get caught. So, as you can see computers have a very negative effect on people. It causes individuals to no easy to inappiopriate things. So go and limit the time you on computer."