"Dear Local @CAPS1, @CAPS2 do you feel about computers? Are they good or are they bad? I strongly believe that computers are bad and people spend to much time on them. I'd much rather spend time outside where I can excercise; @CAPS3't you? Computers are a waste of time and they keep family and friends from spending time together. Finally, computers can be very dangerous. People could be lying and you @CAPS3't know it. To start off, computers take away from excercising and spending time outside. I know if I had to choose between looking at a boring computer screen all day and going out for a run; I'd choose the run anyday. Computers don't keep people fit and healthy so they should find something else to do instead. I've observed that the average teen spends @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours a day on the computer. That's @NUM1 to @NUM2 hours they could be excercising or playing outside. For example, walking the dog, or kicking the soccer ball around. You see, there are many things you can do other than going on the computer. Further more, computers cut into quality time with friends and family. I know you can video chat and instent message them, but @CAPS3't you rather spend time with them in person? Too many kids are on the computer so much they don't know what's going on in their mom or dads lives. Theres is a lot of things kids can do with their friends and families instead of using the computer. They could play a board game, watch a movie, and much more. I garentee they will enjoy these activities more then staring at a computer screen for @NUM5 hours. Finally, computers are extremly dangerous. People have been killed because they don't know who they are talking to. Kids go on myspace and put up pictures and posts, but they don't realize that everyone can see what they said. Once they put something out there they cannot take it away. It's also dangerous because it someone is applying to a school that school can see what they put up and can decline the person from college. I hope you agree with me when I say computers are bad. They keep people from excercising, spending time with friends/family, and are very dangerous. In my opinion we should get rid of computers in every house."