"Dear Local Newspaper, I am writing to you to talk about the effect computers have on people. Since I have two computers and one laptop I have to agree that every person who likes to look up stuff should have a computer. Everyone should have computers, because you can look up different things, you can play games like checkers with the computer or against somebody else, and the last reason @CAPS1 that you can chat with people from different states and even countries, because I know everybody likes to talk to one another. Everyone should have computers, because you can search different things. You can search places and people. Basically, you can search anything on the internet @CAPS3 you are on the right website. One time I wanted to go on the web and look to see @CAPS3 there was a in @LOCATION1. I went to ask.com and typed in ""@CAPS1 there a in @LOCATION1, @LOCATION1? It said yes, and then it showed me a @CAPS2 of information about. It told me the address the phone number and the name of the manager. Looking up places in sometimes. Everyone should have a because you can play any types of game. You could play internet game checkers, solitaire and even freecall. @CAPS3 you don't any types of games you can always go on gaming just games up there. Since I use the computer everyday onto all. When I was six years old we a driving game. Since I did not the website all I got to play was checkers on the computers but one day logged onto it and played my first driving computer game. Everyone should have a computer, because you can chat with people. Instead of always using your phone calling and texting people raising your phone bill, why not use your computer and chat all you want without wasting minutes on your cell phone. I know everybody likes to talk and text on your cell phone. Instead of doing that just go on the internet find a chatcom and start chatting or bloging with your friends. One time I ran out of minutes on my phone and I didn't have internet. I asked my dad @CAPS3 I could use the computer. He said yeah, so I went to a local chatroom on the internet. My friend had an acount there so it would be easy for us to talk all we wanted. I joined in and we chatted until @TIME1. In conclusion I think everyone that likes to look up places, play games, and chat should have a computer."