"Do the members of this well-known and captivating newspaper think that the effects of people owning a computer are good or bad? Well, if you think negatively about computers and how they effect people, I would like to politely disagree. I'm certain I could sway you to agree with me too. Computers are positive for many reasons. The internet and other resources can be used for school, work, and other questions, the computer gives people something to do when otherwise they have nothing, and it allows people to talk to others online. There are many great effects computers have on and for people. Everybody has questions, wouldn't you agree? And more often than not, people don't know the answer right off the top of their head. Research is the key to answering questions. But who has time to go to the library and spend hours searching for an answer that would take a matter of seconds to find on the computer? Not every student, employee, or other person can spend that time looking for an answer. There are far too many other things to do! The internet on the computer allows people to find an answer quickly. This can actually improve people's knowledge, and their performance at work or school. You can see here the positive effects of a computer. Have any of you ever been bored? I'm certain that you have. Everyone gets bored. Instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can go on the computer and to many activities. Contrary to some people's beliefs, this can be an excellent way to spend, not waste time. There are all sorts of educational games and mind-buggling puzzles to do on the computer. I'm certain you can see how much better these things are than sitting in front of the. The effects are positive, because your brain is challenged, and your boredom has vanished. Also, hand-eye coordination can be greatly improved by doing activities. These are so many positivities about the computers effect in people's boredom! People have friends, and it is only human to want to keep in close contact with them. But what if a close friend moves away? You don't want to lose that friendship right? People can write letters to each other, but that can be time consuming, and show to delivery and response. And the positive effect of a computer is it allows you to keep in contact online with friends and family instant messaging and email. both great resources for talking with others. Computers can keep friends together and save families from drifting apart. It is also good for couples or parents to keep in touch with their partner or children if they are away. These are all positive effects don't you agree? As you can see, I feel strongly that the computer has positive effects on people. It's good for research, it's something to do when someone is truly bored, and it enables friends and family to stay close via online communication. I strongly urge you to change your opinion from negative to positive about the effects of computers. Everyone can choose their own opinions. but I know you'll prove wise and agree with me!"