"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that you have asked people to tell their opinions on the effects computers have on people. In my opinion computers do not have a good effect. The reason I think that is because kids are on the computer instead of doing their homework, people do not exercise as much because they are always on the computer and they do not spend as much time with their family and friends, @CAPS2 are many kids that go on the computer all night and never get to doing their homework. I read an article that said, ""Computers are the number one problem for kids not doing their homework."" People get @CAPS4 distracted on the computer that they never end up doing anything else. Eight out of ten kids say that they sometimes don't do their homework because they get distracted on the computer. I interviewed a student in the @NUM1 grade and she said, ""@CAPS3 class inastly gets all homework done but sometimes we forget when we are on the computer. That is really the only reason we don't do @CAPS1."" @CAPS4 computers are not a very good electronic if kids are not getting their homework done because of @CAPS1. But that is not the only bad thing about them. Since people are always on computers they don't get out and exercise as much. Instead they sit and play games on a computer. I found this quote in an article I was reading ""@CAPS5 since I started spending a lot of time on the computer I have gained weight because I am not out exercising,"" Exercising and going outside is a very important things to do but people cannot do @CAPS1 if they are always on the computer. Nine out of ten people say that @CAPS5 since they started going on the computer a lot, they have not gone outside or exercised in a while. I interviewed a women and she said, ""I had to not go on the computer for a while because I realized that @CAPS1 was not good for me and I needed exercise."" People get @CAPS4 distracted on computers that they never go outside to exercise anymore. @CAPS2 are still some reasons why computers are not very good. Spending time with your family and friends is a very important thing to do, but with computers people to not do @CAPS1 that much anymore. In a magazine I read @CAPS1 said, ""People are not spending time with their friends and family because they are on the computer instant messaging."" Computers are keeping people from spending time together. Nine out of ten families say that they have realized they don't spent as much time together because of computers. I interviewed some kids and said, "" I don't spend a lot of time with family or friends. I am mostly on the computer instant messaging."" Computers are deffinitely not a good thing for families. Those are the reasons why I think computers do not have a good effect on people. Kids are on the computer and don't do their homework, people do not exercise as much and they don't spend as much time with family or friends."