"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I agree that computers had a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination give the ability to learn about faraway places and people and allow people to talk online with other people. More people should see computers as a positive effect on people. Spending time on a computer is a great way to enhance your hand-eye coordination. It also teaches you how to type fast. Typing is an important skill that you need for most jobs. It is so important that have throuhout school teaching us how to type. we also use hand-eye coordination is loaded and. You have to keep your eye on the and move your arms and hands to hit the. Computers are helpful in many ways. Have you ever about what looks like or what would be found on it? With a computer you can. Comuputers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. You can get pictures some important cities and places, and some knowledge on the people who lies there. Yes, you would do this in a social studies look buts is much easier and faster online. Computers save time and make your life easier. Computers are learning more and more advanced everyday. They give you the oppurtunity to talk with people online whether the world the street. In order to do this you need a web. They are sold in computer stores and some are already installed into the computer. Being able to talk with people online is a really great thing. Its a fast way to learn about that person and maybe about them if they one from a different country. Its almost like a pen pal last your in a computer. People are saying that computers have a negative effect on people. They say people are spanding to much time an computer and not on exercise. They also say that they are not interacting with family and friends. All of these things should be. All you have to do is manage your time. Or not all day on the computer. If you do this thinks everyone will say that computer your positive effect and are one of the last invention created. I would like to thanks all f the reader for there time and hope hat you all support me and my ideas."