"Do you want your child to suceed in life? This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers help children get more education, they can be independent and not hows anyane tell them new to use a computer, and @CAPS1 they get to college they can take notes quickly and not fall behind. This is whycomputers are important to everyday life. Computers are important because your child will get the proper education that they need. @PERCENT1 of children who uses the thev internet for students for studies are the ones that will be a grade ahead of the best of this or her classmates. Dr. @PERSON1 a computer cope it, says, ""@CAPS1 I was using the computer to do research on a topic, I went on on leperdy the @DATE1 and from there I was a @NUM1 @DATE1 because I was on the computers. As you can see computers are valuable items used in everyday life. Computers are important to everyday life because it helps your children be more independent and learn how to use different parts of the internet. @PERCENT1 to @PERCENT2 of children who use the internet are most likely so succeed in college because they know what websites to go to and how to get there. There is an @PERCENT1 chance that the children who succeed in college will get the higher paying jobs because they've @PERSON1, the computer expect, says, ""@CAPS2 son was at @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS3 was smart because @CAPS3 was always on the computer looking up new facts and ideas that popped into his head."" @CAPS3 is a student which is very hard to get. This is why computers are valuable to everyday life. Computers are impotant because you can look up sites that will help you eat health foods. @PERCENT3 of adults who health foods are most likely to live an even @NUM2 years of their life because they are their bodies in health conditions because they've eating more fruits, and drinking more to keep their bones strong @CAPS1 they fall @CAPS1 they older. As you can see, using then internet can be very helpful if you used to the right way. This is why using the internet will help you be the successful person that you want to be in life."