"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 the years computers have gotten faster smaller smarter, these advances have led to mankind as we know it advancing, but the effects that come with @MONTH1 be non profitable to the youth of the computer world. Some common effects computers have on people, mostly children are, preventing kids to play outside, tbe active, computers prevent people from using their immagination they also are a waste of time. Everyday a child across america will use the same old exuse, ""no mom, im not on facebook, im doing my @CAPS4 report"", while infact they haven't even started it, or they hours ago are now goofing around on line, but ask your self. ""did this happen thirty years ago? no your parents who grew up then were thrilled to an outside when thire assignments were compleated. They could not wait to get on that flaming red bike t go play ball with joey. Kids these days are becoming less active t egar to play outside f people blame obbisity on genetics while it probbly should be blamed on computers, sucking children to them. Because kids never want to leave the side of their beloved computer to go outside they are using less + less of their immagination. parents tell storys of when they would watch the one new episode of their favorite show + what whole week the kids in the neighborhood would take roles + act it out. but do you see that every day in this generation not at all. No one that or imaginn any thing new about it with friends to make it more fun they only move onto the wii five minuets later to play a smashing ballons game. Computers just up all of your time the average kid will spend up to four hours on the computer just falling around with no purpose. Wasting the time they could be improving homework or walking the dog the time is not bring donated to a good source. it is not being effective most times. they say computers are the now generation but dose that mean that the now generation must be, lazy, unimmaginitive, and not care what their time is put towards. Most people will say no we are not but you offer a nine year old to play on the computer or, oh say go outside! You would be ignorant to think they would go out to play. People want to move forward but can we not make a compromise?"