"Dear @CAPS1 I think that computers are beneficial to our society for example, computers are very helpful to everybody. Computers alsi travel nows faster. And they can teach us new things. I am not saying computers dont have their downs, but, computers also have their ups. Computers are very helpful in many ways. They help people find lost fmaily members, and they help police officers find many criminals. Haven't you lost soemone in your family, or haven't spoken to them in years and always wanted to find them and get back in with them? Well that's what computer are for. Aslo haven't you been concern about the many criminals on the street, and wanted to get them of the streets and in jail where they belong but didnt have a way to do that? Computers  help. Haven't you notice that computers are  help police many women in the present time? Computers  people in the , but they help travel fastre for example say you heard there was hurricane or tornado and you needed to find out how . All you have to do is on the computer and look it up. Also, there an earthquake in @LOCATION1 and the didn't information to help you. You would just go on the computer and find all the information you need. COmputers are of many things for they you. Computers teach you alot, like hand-eye cordiantion. Think about it, you might on hte computer that, but it helps. If you yourself while you are on the comp[puter you would start to see that you are typing fastre and learning where all the letters are on the keyboard now, then when you saw your first computer. Computers though, not only teaches you hand-eye cordination but it also teaches you of many wonder places. Such as @CAPS2 falls, rain forests etc. Now, dont get me wrong, @CAPS3 not saying that computer dont their downs and that people dont take advantage of computers. but, I am saying that they help society alot. They travel news fatser. Also they taught alot to people. So take my opinion into consideration. And think about how much computers have done for you."