"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1, Computers have advanced our world so far into the future that practically everything is just a click away. Experts are awed that over the years, computers have helped billions of people get jobs done foster and smoother than ever before. Technology has helped doctors find new cures for patients, and diagnose their sicknesses in a more advanced way. Thousands of professions require the limitless knowledge of the internet, and computers continue to advance and redefine our way of living. Furthermore, kids of all ages benefit from modern computers. As technology becomes more user-friendly, children have adapted to computers giving them answers to all of their questions. As a student at @ORGANIZATION1, I have found that computers are vital in everyday assignments. Essays are now typed and not handwritten and projects are displayed on flash drives, not posterboard. Those advances have shaped our lives, and made everything much easier. Also, foreign places become closer to home, when computers allow you to virtually visit hundreds of different countries. With modern technology, the world is better connected and united. In addition to students, doctors also greatly benefit from computers. Technology has re-shaped the medical world dramatically with x-rays, @CAPS2's, surgeries and medicines. Amazingly, computers allow doctors and nurses to look at patients in a whole new way. Hospitals organize all records digitally to help give the right treatments patients. @PERSON1, the head surgean at @ORGANIZATION2 says, ""@CAPS3 technology, our @ORGANIZATION2 would be useless. We wouldn't be able to do anything."" @CAPS4 @PERSON1 is well-spoken, he makes a very important point. Computers are the building blocks of our medical world. Scientific studies have shown that the internet has brought people closer than ever before. Families separated by thousands of miles now have the ability to email, chat or even video chat with far away relatives and friends. Email has especially played a huge roll in our society, so as to help millions of people communicate when needed. Infact, over @NUM1 million jobs rely on email to communicate important business information. @CAPS3 the aid of technology, our economy would rapidly as communication countries failed to exist. Computers are essential to our culture. I strongly urge you to consider my opinion on the benefits of modern technology and think of all the people computers have helped. Our culture is now bigger, better, faster and stronger, thanks to the help of technology today. Knowing this, I vehimently suggest you educate others in the benefit of technology and play your part in advancing our way of living."