"Dear @LOCATION1 news paper I have over heard this debate on weather computers are good influinces on people or not. I am sending you this message to state my opinion on the matter and in my opinion I think the computer has very good efects on people. Not only dose it have a good effect on people it also effects companies places and governments. There are many reasons why it has a good effect on people but the first and maybe one of the most important is it is an amaizing learning tool. When people are on the internet they could learn just about anything they want to on the giant mass of information we call the internet. It not only dose this but people learn how to do things through simulators from flying a plane to driveing a car. There is even more learning ability on the internet because a lot of people get home schooled on it through the internet and this @MONTH1 be an important part of their education because they might not be able to go to school because they are alway on the road or they move a lot of whatever their reason is. The computer is an important part in the invancement of the people's education. Not only can people use the computer in education but it is used as a tool in many ways, lets say your making a movie and need special effects they will use of photo shop or you need to collect and store changing information like lets say you want to stack you can always or down on a computer. Even if you were a construction worker you could your blue prints with pinpoint accuracy. Another less important thing about the computer is it gives many people entertainment. Lets you come home your bored you have nothing to do play a video game look around on the internet, it is also an important way of getting their music and or videos. This also effects many buissness and if the buissness go under becaus people werent moving ther stuff a lot of jobs will be lost and that is the last thing we need. The government also relies highly on the internet. They need it to make plans, save soldiers, and comunicate with other countries. And last but not the least we have the fitness and wellfare of the people useing computers. All I can really say to that is it is their decision. If they get off they can and if they won to sit there and waste or "