"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 people these days rely too much on technology. Everywhere you go you usually see somebody on a phone, texting, on a computer or plugged into an ipod. These people are not necisarily bad, but they are under the control of technology. Computers for example, are in the eyes of most people, fast, easy and fun, but they also pose as a problem. Even though it seems like everybody has a computer, not everybody does. Also people become way to dependent on such matchines that they can become addicted to them. Computers @MONTH1 also seem like they work @PERCENT1 of the time, but they can also be very unrelyable. Just off the top of your head, how @CAPS3 people do you know that use @CAPS4 or @CAPS5? A lot I'm sure. Now multiply that number by itself for all the people they know and multiply it again and so forth. That number shows that, @CAPS6, over @NUM1 million people use these. Now what are the chances that if you sent a friend a message one of these programs (with the @NUM1 million + people on is) that the server will be @PERCENT1 relaible and your pal recieves the information he needs? My point is that, what if somthing important came up that required your friends help, and you could not reach him because of a fault in the system? What would happen You could be at a hospital for a ride home for an hour longer than it should have taken. Another problem is what if you needed a computer, and you specially needed him/her? If they did have one then You have you did it in @NUM3 minutes but how else could you contact them? You could try to call, but what if they are outside and are playing with his/her dog? Also these days if you are really grateful for somthing you go on google and type in virtual thank you cards. If the person gets it then they will be happy, but probly much more so if in the mail they got a handmade real thank you card. My final reason that computers hurt us more than they help is addiction. Like I said in my first paragraph, everywhere you go you see somebody wired into an electronic device. People no longer go outside and play cowboys and @CAPS7 because now all they have to do is hit paly. I will admit I too use my computer quite a bit but at least I budget my time so I can also go outside and play a while. Obeisity also branches from overuse of electronics along with @CAPS3 other products."