"Dear, @ORGANIZATION2. A computer is a very helpful resource. It helps people navagate through life, they can find jobs, do research for school. This world wold be nothing without computers. But on the other hand some people do spend to much time on the computer. But surfing the web for countless hours is their choice. Computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own home. Instead of going to the local library and looking and looking for books, all they have to do is type in thier research topic and wallah tons of different websites are right under their noses. A computer is the world at your finger tips. Also a computer can help unemployed people find a job. Its easy, type in what city you want to work in, and there you go. You can even fill out a job application right then and there. Hey, some people even work from home. Stay at home moms can easily make money while doing daily chores like washing dishes. Also working from home can a lot less tessful. It's less stressful because you dont have to deal with annoying and impatiant co. workers. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of employment is from the workers home, @CAPS1 now you know. Working from home makes another day at the office, another day at home. Computers have helped us come along way since caveman times. Without computers this would will be nothing. We woulde have so many basic things like stoplights, elevators, and even bleders. We also wouldn't have the more sifisticated things like fockets. and cars and planes. Imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all of their information? On paper? Where would a school store all their grades and tardys? On paper? Where would the goverment store their information? On paper? With those three palces we already cut down half of the @ORGANIZATION1. Computer help the environment too. They will also help us to invent more technology so that one day we can live on @CAPS2 or something. I hope this essay changed your mind about computers. Lets recap they help students reasearch, help people find jobs, you can work from home. Helps the environment. Without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves for underwear like caveman. The @CAPS3 line is that computers are very helpful."