"Computers do not benefit society today. Computers have made technology a necessity, many people don't spend enough time doing other activities, and they do not benefit your health. Do you want a world full @ORGANIZATION1 people who have their eyes glued to a computer screen? Computers are very helpful to all people but they are adicting. Computers were made to get your tasks done quicker and easier. For example you can shop online and google things. We live in a generation where computers have become a necessity instead @ORGANIZATION1 pleasure. According to @PERSON1, a psychologist at the @ORGANIZATION1, more than @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 people, now-a-days, are inside on their computers. Furthermore, computers are making people lazier. Instead @ORGANIZATION1 going to the store to buy things or walking to your friends house to talk, you would typically use the computer to do so. Therefore, people don't spend enough time doing other things. For example, on a sunny and beautiful day you would think that most kids would be outside having fun, but this isn't thet case anymore. For children who are old enough to use / work a computer, they'@CAPS1 be inside on that nice day. There are many nice things to do on a computer, like chatting with friends, checking your e-mails, and facebook. Even though these things are pleasurable, you should limit your time on the computer. Most @ORGANIZATION1 the time that you spend on the computer could be spent outside or at the movies. Not being on the computer could help small buisnesses too. If you pay money to do an activity, or buy something, watch something it would make a difference in the small buisness's profits. On the other hand, computers don't benefit your health. Mac. magazine says that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time. @PERCENT2 @ORGANIZATION1 people become obese and have vitamind @CAPS1 deficiancy from using their computers so much. When using your computer you could be working out or exercising, and this causes obesity. Also, if you are inside all the time, you wont get the healthy amount @ORGANIZATION1 sunlight that you need, thus you have a vitamin @CAPS1 deficiancy. Another health risk is having bad eyes. If you spend hours a day on a computer your eyes can get permanently damaged. Do you want your child / children to be put at risk for using a computer too much? In conclusion, it is safe to say, that computers do not benefit society today. Many people have an addiction to technology, you could be using your time more wisely, and computers put your health at risk. Although computers do allow us to have an easier time accomplishing tasks, abusing the privlage will have consiquenses on everyone."