"Dear Local Newspaper,É I believe that computers have a negitive affect on people today. I believe this because computers cause people to be less active, most people would want to be at home on their computers then out side doing activities. I also belive computers restrict people who talk through it to show emotion. People should be out with each other when they talk not talking throught a machien. Finally if people were not on the computer as much they would bring down the obesity rate of the contry if everyone just stoped using technology for a while and wen outside. Every day at least once or twice or somtimes even more people use the computer for hours on end. People today have so many options of things to do on the internet: @CAPS1, @CAPS2, ooVoo, and alot more. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people say they ""need"" to check these everyday but they really dont. What they do ""need"" to do is to stop using computers as much and go out side! Furthermore, people all around the world communicate thought the computer. I talk to my friends all the time thought the computer"" says @PERSON1, ""@CAPS3 the easiest way"". Now it @MONTH1 be the easiest way but @CAPS3 also the most boring, I mean really do you want to talk like a robot or with emotion like a person? Computers dont give you the chance to show emotion, this means people need to go out, hans out, and mabye even call each other to talk. At least you getting up to get the phone. Finally, @CAPS4 is one of the most obese places in the whole world. People are sitting on the computer everyday, eating, and not moving at all and gaining weight. Do you really want to be a known as the ""fat country""? I dont think so. People should restrict computer usage among themselves to a of an hour even less if you can. To restate, I beleve that computers have a negitive affect on todays people aroung the world. Computers cause people to be less active. less emotionn in a conversation, and cause people to be obese. So please help me fight to put more people outside and make people more active, sounds like a pretty good cause huh?"