"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I am here to talk about my view on computers, about how they help people, and how many people say that kids and adults are spending to much time on them. My first views on this subject is that computers are becoming more and more advanced as time goes on. These past few years, computer company's have been making enormous strides allowing people to do allmost everything. This is both good and bad. A computer is a tool that is a good feature for any home. It is great for people who own a small business, you can easily go online and update somthing yoou want changed in your store, such as designing colorful posters to put on the windows of your store to increase business and to catch peoples eye. You are also able to book flights weeks or even months before you even go to the airfort. This is good for those who are busy and travel a lot. You can go on a website called @ORGANIZATION2 where you can go anywhere vin the world and zoom in on a landmark such as the great @CAPS1 in @LOCATION2, or the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 in @LOCATION1. Computers can also improve your hand eye coordination when you type. Typing is a important skill to master, if you are a good typer you can do things much more efficient then you would on paper. Some can even memorize the key board and not have to even look down. Computers are also great for communication if you have relatives far away in another state or even country you can easily talk to them through @CAPS4. @CAPS4 is a online service that you use to talk to them in person. These are just some of the things you can do with computer. On the other hand many say that people are spending to much time on computers, and getting outside for execise and not spending enough time with family. I do agree this is the case in some ways. I know some friends who average about six hours a day on computers which to me is to much, also parents become to busy with work that they are on computers, when they should be spending time with their kids. Some kids became so addicted to computers that they might become unhealthy and become obease from sitting so much, this is something that should not happen. I hope you have learned a little bit about the good and the bad about computers, and how it is important not to be on the computer to much, but it can be an important feature if used correctly."