"Dear @CAPS1, Advances in computer technology have positively affected the society we live in today. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, help kids learn inside and outside of school, and connect the world socially. These amazing devices have done nothing to harm the new generation. In fact, they have done quite the opposite. Computers are an excellent way of teaching hand-eye coordination. People who are opposed to using computers believe that all they do is make kids lazy and ignorant. This is not the case. The coordination gained from using the mouse games over to sports like baseball and lacross. Players have to look at an incoming ball, and guide their stick or mitt to catch the ball. As you can see, coordination is essential to sports. It is also needed for simple every day tasks around the house. These could be as plain as just taking out the trash or cooking meals. We overlook the fact they easy jobs like these still require coordination. A misplaced pot could pour boiling water on the floor and cause a huge mess. W are lucky that we live in a world with such a good teacher of hand-ey coordination. Computers are the worlds most knowledgeable teachers. No matter how hard you try if you are using a computer, you will learn something. The internet is a best cache of information. In the current day and age, the environment is a growing concern. Paper no made from trees, so must be cut down. It takes forty years for a tree to grow, and seconds to cut one down. Schools everywhere should use computer and keyboards for work instead of paper and pencil. Since most students are familiar with computers, they enjoy working with them more than writing. The average kid could learn more in an hour with a computer than they would whole day at school. The transiton needs to be made. Computers are also a massive social network. Instant messaging and @CAPS2 are now primary sources of communication. If it hasn't for computers, I wouldn't be able to talk to my friend that moved to @LOCATION2 two years ago. This is just one example of how social networks are helpful. They help people stay connected with old friends, and work. All major corporations use computers to invest, sell products, and store information. Computers are the ultimate way communicate. Obviously, computers are growing exponentially in popularity. The @LOCATION1 should put this to use. Imagine a more eco-friendly country where we don't have to cut down a million acres of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 rainforest every year. The benifits of computers are endless. Three of these are hand-eye coordination, knowledge and communication."