"Dear @LOCATION1 press, I have recently heard about many arguments based on computers ruining society. I strongly disagree with this. I think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends. The internet is also faster for research than looking in a book and there are many games on the internet. I believe that the internet is a great way to hook up with old friends. Some people have moved away and I haven't been able to talk to then. Now, with the internet I can able to talk again. The same case with my mom. She had friends from high school and college who she ever talked to. Now, with facebook she has re united with them. This also helps because you can email someone interested of sending a letter in the mail, which costs money, unlike email. So the internet can also be a way of saving money. It is also much faster to send someone an email than a letter. The internet is a great way to keep intouch with friends and relatives. I also believe that the use of computer is more efficient than doing to a library and researching a book. If you don't have enough time to go the to a library, you can do some research at your house. What if the library is closed if you do go, then you wasted some time. The internet never closes, it is open @NUM1. What if you go to the library and they are open, but do hot have a book on your subject? This can also be done on the internet because there is any thing you could ever ask for on the internet. If you have an over due library book you can renew the book on the internet. The internet is a great place research on any topic you have or doing what ever you want. Finally, the computer is great for playing about every game, there is that you would feel like playing. Also @CAPS1 of spending about @MONEY1 on an x-box and a game, you @MONTH1 only have to spend about @MONEY2 on a game that goes into your computer. There are also many websites that have games on them. Some websites are for specific games, and same have many games on them. Only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends. On the other hand, many games are only for one player. As a result, a computer is a great use to play games. In conclusion, I believe the computer is great need for our society. In the long run it will pay off, especially with the economics problems our country is having now, by helping us save money,. It will also allow connection with old friends, save time, and provide entertainment to all who would like."