"Dear @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1; Technology seems to have a positive effect on people. But could it be a bad thing. The computer is one of the top uses by @CAPS2, but I think we spend a little to much time on it. My reasons are, kids and adults spend to much time on it, cant interact with friends or family and you cant enjoy nature. Dont get me wrong, its nice to meet new people on the internet and learn about other places. But when are you going to get your exercis of your on it for @NUM1 hours? Sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are stuck to the screen. As for food, you sit and eat junk food. You cant get a healthy meal if you eat chips & candy for hours. Instead up being blinded by the screen, you can get blinded from the sun outside by riding a bike. Its a great way to get fit, rather than typing and clicking away at your @CAPS3. Another way of getting fit, (than to sit) is going out for a run. Kids need about @NUM2 mins of cardio, so why not run your legs than your newest download? You work out your arms & your legs! My next reason why spending time on the computer too much is bad is because you wont have time for your friends or family. Are kids just going to sit at the computer all day while your family is having fun? Also, when you have chores to do, what will happen to them? The dishies will be dirty and your room will be a mess. Most of all wont you miss your friends? At this age kids/teens should be partying with friends and not gossiping online. No one would ever want to invite you anywhere because they will know you will be on the computer. Lastly, my final reason is the most simplest; enjoy nature explore the outside instead of living on the inside. Its good to go out once in a while and get a breathe of fresh air. If you havent visted the park in a while it would be great. Hear all the birds chirping and see the trees and flowers bloom! Then take a nice walk or stroll in the park. Your getting exercise & exploring nature too. While your at it, plant some flowers in your garden. This shows instead of buying games online, your buying seeds to help the environment. In conclusion, spending time on the computer is not bad, just dont spend hours-upon-hours on it. Kids will be kids, as well, adults will be adults. So take the considerations in hand. So try to get exercise, hang out with your friends & family, and enjoy nature!"