"Do you like learning about faraway exotic land and animals? Are you good at sports but would like to be even better? Do you ever miss your family that lives in other states? The computer can help you with all of this but is @CAPS1 bad for you too? In my opion kids and adults should use the computer. When people are on the computer they can learn about interesting far away lands. When your on the computer you can look up some of the natural disasters. For example people could google each quakes and learn all about the people that has lost their life's. The people that they will donate some money to the poor. Children living on their own. They can also learn about all the wonderful beautiful lands that are out their waiting to be explored. Everyone I know likes to the beutiful birds and animal. In their the world, They will be able to do this on computer. The might be so more this lands. Having a computer will also let you talk to people that are not easy to get. With having a computer people will be able to talk to their family that live in other states then them. I have a uncle that lives in @LOCATION1. I only get to see him because a lot of money to come. Somewhere on the computer, @CAPS1 is easy to just send him a message that say how I'm doing. With computer you will be able to talk to your friends cant talk on the phone. For example, what if your friend and did not. She can not talk phone because so what do you do you. This help you her. The last reason why we should have computer. If you let @MONTH1 periods of time then @CAPS1 will help you with hand eye coordination. This will help the kids that play baseball. They will know where the ball is at all times is they will most likely cauch the ball more often so playing a a little bit of video games is not bad for unless one. Using the computer is @CAPS1 good to do or not using the computer helps people be able to interact wild people that so easy to talk to. So @CAPS1 you are compleatly agenst using computer the get up and use @CAPS1 right now."