"My opinion on the effects of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out. If someone I knew spent all day long on the computer I would tell him or her head on that he or she sould go out side and get some fresh air and get some exrcise. Some times the only way to make contact with them is by talking to them on the computer. Although the computer can be quit helpful by looking up important artifacts or important information about medical plans, tutorials of how to fix, make, or biuld things, and to meet new people, But, the computer can be a dangerous place as well you can meet someone who is lieing about their age that person might rape or miurder/kill you. If you spend twenty-four seven on the computer you could be paralized from lack of exercise or get lumf ophemia thats when your body a pears and will not be a to exercise and would need special treatments. Like masogise. Computers can also be good because it can give you hand eye coordination by useing the still looking sometimes some people for useing the computer: videos, video, and websites. You can get your computer uloaded for for quality. Some systems howe computers in them or can be connected to the computer like the, and the @CAPS1 @NUM1 @CAPS2. There are games called p.c. games some p.c. games comeucicate with childern to teach them how to write, read, spell, and pronounce words. There are also spiecal computers and/or web-sites you can search for tutorial for speaking different langueges. There are also sites you can search for tutorials for playing instroments. Some people use the computer to fill their emptynis inside of them inistead of eating. Some people obeuse the compeuter as a dug like they're addictied to it. Imagine someone addictied to computers every where he/she goes they would take their laptop with them. Many people have died useing the computer but thats because they obeused it. Everyday people buy computers this invention is very helpful as time goes on sciantists are makeing new things to save llives."