"Dear The @CAPS1, People have been saying that computers are not beneficial, but they are wrong. In my opinion computers are very beneficial. Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about other people and faraway places, also, you can use the internet to interact with friends and family. Computers can be very useful and efficient to anybody. Did you know that computers can teach hand-eye coordinaiton? Some computers have programs that teach you how to type. Without having to lock down at the keyboard. Even if people don't have the program they can learn how to type fact without having to look down. Many people that I know, have learned how to use the computer or type without anyone telling them hour to do so. Computers are very needed all around the world. Computers give people the ability to learn about other people and places. If you go on the internet you can go and searching person or place and the computer will find it for you. Children and adults need computers because if for example, a child get a project from schoool that need to be done about a famous person or smoking. she would most likely need to go to the internet . The game goes for adults that love jobs in offices, schools or anywhere else. Computers are essential to people all around the world. Computer can be used to comunicate with each other. People use computer to communicate with friends or family in far away places. They can communicate via e-mail, @CAPS2, video and maybe even in other web sites. Some web sites contain the ability to talk to each other through video or through messages, such as @CAPS3, or @CAPS4. People like using the computer because it is very useful when you need it most. If you ask anyone they will tell you that having a computer is very important and necessary. Why would people intend to take away something as important and useful as a computer? Computers can be used to learn hand-eye coordination, and help you move your fingers faster. They give poeple and places in the world. Finally, they can be used to communicate with one another through e-mail, message and many other ways. In my opinion, computers are one of the most important things to a person."