"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you @MONTH1 know, @CAPS2 people are starting to buy and own computers. Some experts say this is a bad thing and that we should spend more time outdoors. I disagree with this statement. First, computers help us with every day life. We check news on computers, some people even use their computers @CAPS1 a @CAPS3 and watch important shows. Second, a computer is a great way to comunicate. @CAPS10 its friends, family or even buisness, a computer is a excelent way of communication. finally, a computer is help when it comes to school or work. You could write a paper on the computer for example read on to see how I support my reasons of why computers are helpful in peoples lives. Have you ever had a time when you see something on the news that you want to learn more about? Well, @CAPS10 you had a computer, you could go online to the news website and read more. This is only one way a computer comes in handy in every day life, there are plenty more. Another way is @CAPS10 you don't own a @CAPS3, you could watch your favorite show on the computer. My english teacher @PERSON1 says ""I never owned a @CAPS3, I only watch @CAPS3 on my computer and I like it better"" In fact @PERCENT1 of people who watch videos on the computer like it better than @CAPS3. This is how computers come in handy in every day life. I love how computers have @CAPS2 ways of comunicating. I like it because I have @CAPS2 relatives who live far away and I use my computer to comunicate with them from time to time. Skype is my favorite, I can see the person @CAPS8 talking to at the same time. Also computers can be good for business for large companies who need to comunicate out of the contry. I'm sure being a amazing newspaper company, you could use a way of easy comunication. finally, comunication with friends. These are @CAPS2 programs for this, @CAPS9 @CAPS1 facebook and myspace. This is why a computer is a good way of comunication. finally, computers can be useful for schools and work. You can type a paper or news article on the computer. It's much faster than writing. Also, @CAPS10 you need more info on something, you could look it up online. like @CAPS10 you are writing an article on dolphins, you could learn more about them. In conclusion I think computers are good things. They help with everyday life, They are good for comunication. And last they help at school or work."