"Wouldn't you agree that computers are needed in our life. I would, we need computer for many things, for example we need computer for communications, we also need them to educate yourself and others. Next this is good for buyers and sellers. My first reason why I agree that computers benifits society is because of the communications. Now in our present day with all of our new technology many people use computers to communicate with friends or family. For example if you had a loved one in the military you could use the computer to communicate with him with a webcam. Computer could be a good way to talk and ask friends about homework assignments you @MONTH1 have missed as if you was absent. Also you could use computers to communicate with somebody selling something you @MONTH1 be or, you could get more detail about that product by talking to the owner of it through maybe email. My second reason would be education. Now a days many college students with work going on @MONTH1 not have time to attend schools so with the help of a computer they can take online classes. For some students instead of study in classroom all day they could be learning from computers and it could be more to the students so maybe they would understand topics better. like science for example when doing a lab you could research and do it on a computer. With computers students could learn more because they would have textbooks or maybe nothing and if they were interested in a topic they could research it and educate themselves. My third reason would be buying and selling products. Many people all over the world go on the internet to buy or sell products. Like ebay that is a website many people items on to make money and other people can buy them. So computers could be a good solution to making money and to also saving gas because people can order products online and have them shipped to there house instead of driving @CAPS1 from the I have told you like communications, education, and buying and selling products I hope you agree with me that computers do benifit society"