"What is technology? Technology is defined as anything that helps enhance our way of living. Technology is all around us. Our beds, houses, televisions and even chairs are all forms of technology. There is one form of technology however, in my opinion, has revolutionized modern day living as we know it. This form of technology is called the computer. My outlook on the effect the computer has had on our society is quite positive. Just think of all of the things we rely on this device to do. There is one thing, however that really sticks out in my mind; @CAPS1. The computer is perhaps the greatest form of @CAPS1 the world has ever seen. E-mail is basically sending a letter to a friend without the hassle of mailing it out where it might get lost or stolen. E-mailing is two simple steps: @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Not only does it lower the risk of the letter not getting there, but it is also much quicker. You hit the ""sen"" button and before you know it, a new letter is sitting in you friends inbox. Another method of computerized @CAPS1 is my personal favorite, instant messaging. Instant messaging allows you to have a conversation with someone that could be miles away. And it's okay if you decide to go get a soda while you are instant messaing because unlike a real conversation, that isn't rude. These are just two methods of @CAPS1 that the computer enables us to have. Tehre is a variety of other that, much like these two, enhance our way of life. I believe that the main reason the computer has enhanced our life so much is because of one giant thing: the internet. The internet makes everything we do on the computer possible. If i want to gon on the computer and do research on a topic, the internet takes me where i want to go. With millions of different websites, the internet has endless possibilities. If I'm interested in arcade games, I can go on the internet and play them. If i have to write a science report, then i can go on the internet and collect research. If i want to listen to music, tehn i can go on the computer, look up a song, and listen to it. And guess what? If i'm looking for a funny video just for a good laugh, then the internet can find me one! The internet is perhaps one of the greatest things ever invented. It's just another reason to love the computer."