"Wouldn't you agree that computers have a great affect on people. The three reason why they have a good affect on people is because, it gives you good typing skills, its educational, and it helps you out with alot of things. The first reason why computers have a good affect on people is because computers help your typing skills. If you have a computer you will soon learn that your typing skills get very good. Each time you use the computer your hands ajust to the keys on the computer. Say if there is someone that wants to work with computers when they get older, well if they practice their typing on their computers at home they will be eligible for the job working with computers. Also computers could be good for the hearing impared. If the hearing impared use to the computers then they can get a @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 and chat with people online. This would be useful to them because since they could not hear what people say they can read what people say through the internet. Another reason why computers have a good affect on people is because they are very educational. In my opinion, computers are very educational because there are alot of websites that teach you facts about different places. For example, what food people eat in different countrys, or where that country is. A website that is the best for finding out accurate facts is www.Ask.com. Ask.com is the best website because it tells you what ever you want to know in a matter of seconds. Computers are also educational when it comes to school projects because of these amazing websites. The last reason why computers have a affect on people is because they help you with alot of things. They help you with alot of things because if you want to know how far @LOCATION2 is from @LOCATION1 then you can go on your pc and find out, or say that you lost the directions to your friends house and your on your way to their house if you brought your labtop you can go on the labtap and find where her house is from your labtop. I know your probably thinking there is such thing as a gps, well if you think about it gps's can be confusing, but your computer reads it out to you. Know your probably saying in your heads why don't you text/call @CAPS3/@CAPS4 if you think about it what if your friend does not talk clearly. In conclusion, wouldn't you agree that computers do have good effects on people. My three arguments are, they help your typing skill educational. They help you with things. please take my ideas into consideration."