"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1 @MONTH1 say that people are spending too much time foucusing on the computer and not on their homework, or getting some fresh air outside. I say those people are @CAPS1! Computers are a giant step into new technology. For example, you can use the computer to do research for school, communicate with friends online and give children some down time where they can learn about far away places and people. If you were doing a research paper for school and you have checked out all the books on the subject of your paper, but you suddenly relized that you forgot one of the most important books! You race back to the library only to find out that it is closed. Computers then come in handy. You can google the book and find an online copy of the book, so you make the grade on that paper. Also, possibly you are having trouble with math homework and you are home alone, what do you do then? That is what computers are there for! So you can easily go to your teachers website and there would be the explanation on how to do that specific lesson. Children @CAPS2 to commonicate with their friends, to some extent. Such as a homework question or just to talk for fun. Without friends children would be knowhere. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 of all children who are permitted to talk with friends, out of school stay off of drugs and promote a stronger education and grades. The internet was not just created for the heck of it. It was invented so people can communicate, childeren can do reaserch, and for fun and exploring as well. For example - learning about far away places, people, and culture, exploring animals, and even online shopping is now availble. These are necessities for all people to have access to. Without computers @CAPS3 would not know the important news when @CAPS3 needed to or information needed for a specific moment. Computers are the future (yes I am repertative) @CAPS3 @CAPS2 to have computers in our lives for communication, shopping, learning purposes, teaching, research on places, animals, people, and culture. Also for email purposes and to get important news around to everyone applicable to it. This is why @CAPS3 @CAPS2 to continue forward with computers, and technology for the future. So all the people of @LOCATION1 keep your computers, they are an important stepping stone needed for growth and moving onto the future of technology. Plus who would not want a good computer game once and a while."