"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers are good far societey. One reason is kids cant write a @NUM1 page essay by hand the will use a computer because it is eascier. People use computers every day if it's not talking with friends playing games it peoples buenesness. I personally don't use a computer that often just to check my email and school work but that dosn't mean that people don't need them. People get excirsize even when they don't knew it like walking have so they are not of that. I personally believe that computers are not bad for but they can be helpful like a research projects like if you don't feel like looking book to find information you could go on a computer and look up somthig you could have the information at your finger tips. Why are peope so concerned about what we @CAPS4 with our. We excirsize nobody dosen't excersize we excersize at scheol when we walk home when we walk our dog take out the trash but thert might experience. Another great thing about computers is that you can video chat a live video chanel so that you can hear talk and see the person this is a great couse of if a paren is away on a burensness you can see them and talk to them I have used it to talk to friends as well. Coumpouters are also great thing becaus of the program that can with it the programs are word, excell, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 ex. They help you write essays, @CAPS4 grades, charts ex. Without coumpotors we would have to @CAPS4 it by hand wouldn't be neat it would be messy. Coumputer excersize your. The las reason why computers are so great the enternet because everthing is on the enternet like if you want to shop. Without the of your go fot it if you want to play games whatch videos you can chat with friends, post pictures, post videos I coiuld go on but I wont all I hope you the @CAPS1 got my point computors not bad for you an that's a fact kids love them and adults then so think I you took coumptor away from childre adults how would kids @CAPS4, how woud adulds fun busnesses think about what you would @CAPS4 to the world us theught computers. Hey coumptors how would you @CAPS4 your new paper. Think about its what kind of world it would be like like they ca'nt fun withouoght the coumputer inside them or the coumputr the grade for tests people don't realize that we need computers and they need us."