"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 people are talking about computers and what it does to us. People believe that using the computer is a waste of time. I believe that computers aren't a bad thing. Using the computers can help us learn about other places in the world. It can also show us the lives about people from the past. We can also talk to our friends online. If you want to know why computers are useful, just keep on reading. People say that computers waste our lives. I disagree with that opinion. The internet is a great way to learn about different places in the world. We can learn about the climate. The animals, and the food they eat. @CAPS1 palces have different types of culture. For example, in @LOCATION3 everyone eats seafood. In @LOCATION2, everyone eats spicy food. The internet can show us pictures of beautiful places that we have never seen before. It's a great way to see and learn about different places compared to how you live. Do you have a friend that you haven't seen in a long time? Would you like to be in contact with that person again? Well the internet is a great way to do this. It allows you to make an account such as twitter, facebook, @NUM1 and more. You can search up your friends name and magic! You finally have the chance to talk to your old pal again. You would be thrilled to be able to talk with them again. @CAPS1 kids use the computer in order to do their history projects. Well the internet is here to help. You can search up famous people from the past or people from now adays. The internet allows you to see and learn about these people's past. One example is @LOCATION1. He was the first president of the @ORGANIZATION1. You can learn so much about him like where he was born, how @CAPS1 family relatives did he have and more. So you see, the internet is a great use for kids. These are my reasons in why I believe that computers aren't bad. We still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activity. We can learn about different places in the world. We can talk to friends online, and we can learn about people from the past."