"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 a world where nobody has any hand-eye coordination @CAPS6 they try to cath a ball it slips away. There are no friendships or communication with other countries. Is this really what you want? Computers do have positive effects on people. For example, they help with hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Computers have a positive effect on people and the society. First, hand eye-coordination is not something that all people have. However, you can make it better by using computers and that is a fact. Computers @CAPS4 said that computer help @PERCENT1 of @CAPS5 with their hand-eye coordination. For example, my mom used to have horrible hand-eye coordination but now that she uses a computer and it is much better. Oprah said,  @CAPS6 I was young I couldnt catch a ball but now that Im older and using computers Im the best. @NUM1 out @NUM2 people agree that computer help hand-eye coordination. Next, computers help other people learn about faraway places. For example, if we didnt have computers people wouldnt travel to @LOCATION1. @PERCENT1 of @CAPS5 agree that they would never travel if it werent for computers it is a fact that people use the internet to learn about other countries for educational purposes. Www.exploretheworld.org wrote that @PERCENT2 of the people who use the website are students. Computers help other people learn about far away places. Finally, computers allow people to talk online. @PERCENT3 of people on facebook have at least one friend who live out of this country. It is a fact that countries are better allies @CAPS6 their people get along.Www.internationalfriendships.com wrote that they have over @NUM3 users who talk with people from other countries for example, my friends mother was born in @LOCATION2 and she talks online with many of her friends. Dr @PERSON1 said,@CAPS8 friendships are the best kind because you learn about other cultures. Computers are a wonderful way to talk to other people. Now @CAPS3 a world where every country got along because of online friendships. Where adults could play a game of baseball because they got their hand eye-coordination back. Where students could learn about distant places they didnt know existed. Does't that sound great? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places and allow people to talk online. So @CAPS1 @CAPS2 computers do benefit the society."