"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I believe that there is more and more controvosy about computer and whether they benefit society or not. In my opinion, computers are a wonderful resource that will soon become a household item. I am writing to persuade you that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe computers are a good thing because they allow people access to more knowledge, they allow people to stay in contact with people they dont see very often, and they allow people to keep up and know whats going on in modern life. One reason computers are useful is that they allow people to stay in contact with people they don't see very often. Today, parents don't mind sending their children off to college as much because they can actually see them using video chat websites like @ORGANIZATION1. This feature on computers has a big impact on the life of people today. People in @LOCATION1 can talk with people in @LOCATION2. This type of often allows for people to share new and inventive things they've discovered. Another reason computers can be useful is because they help people keep in touch with modern life. Many companies are now erasing newspaper ads and putting them all on computer websites. Some companies are only selling items on their websites and shipping them to the buyers. With computers students can also get their homework done and send it to their teacher by email if they cannot make it to school that day. There is even at home colleges now where you take your class online. I believe that in a few years from now more and more people will do business with computers and more stores will sell online only. Finally the last reason I believe computers are a good idea is that they allow people access to more knowledge with the internet. There are websites soldy devoted to history and information on many things. Also there are blogging websites where people can debate on information or get questions answired by real people who @MONTH1 know a lot about the topic. Another thing on computers that helps you get informed is websites like wikipedia where people can search a topic, read history about it, and follow links to other websites if they want to pick apart the topic even more. Overall, I believe that computers area a great resource to human kind and will be used for more and more things in a few years. I believe computers are useful because they allow people access to more knowledge, the ability to keep in touch with others, and to keep in touch with modern life. I believe that in a couple years there will be liss stores on the streets and most will be online because it is much cheaper for the companies. So, most people in a couple years will be computers and use them effectively."