"Dear conneticut @CAPS1, you like to catch up on your favorite television showscar shop for the latest trends? Or maybe even planning out a get together with some of your old friends? Well with todays great technology you can do that on the computer! I can see that the experts are trying to decide whether or not computers are the healthiest thing that benefits our society but in my opinion I think they are great! As you @MONTH1 not know I am @NUM1 years old and have a @NUM2 year old brother; we spend alot of time on the computer not just for homework. I like to shop online for discounts and sales where I know thing are cheaper than in stores. I know my brother likes to go to concerts and buy himself the latest video games. My grandparents are older and don't watch alot of tv and read the Newspaper so the computer is great for catching up on your favorite tv shows and or the news. With these great pieces of machinery you can chat up a storm with old friends on facebook, @CAPS2, and @ORGANIZATION3. @PERCENT1 of teens @CAPS5 are shopping by brand names, like: @CAPS3, @ORGANIZATION1, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS4. All of these clothes and designer stuff is everything we want, but half of us don't have the money. If you go on the computer you can get all of these names and items for less than @MONEY1 compared to %@NUM3. Computers lower the price of things we want and need. I, @CAPS5 a days grandparents try to have a decents conversation with their kids or grandchildren but they go right vack to when they were little. As a grandchild to my @PERSON1 all she used to talk about was her days going through the great deppresion, but with computers she got to catch up on the news and @CAPS5 I can sit down with her and have a great conversation. You can also catch up on the shows you are missing when everyone is talking about them in school. The kids won't be missing out! When I was in @NUM4 grade I got my first facebook, I thought I was so could! That @DATE1 I went to camp and met all these new kids and found out that they all have facebooks. @CAPS5 I keep in touch with them, with out lossing my friendships. You see, I know the scientists or experts are probably smarter than a @NUM1 year old girl but I know that most teenaters and parents have facebook and say its great because we connect with people around the world. So I know these experts are going to make the best dicision on whether or not computers benefit our society but please take my ideas into consideration."