"Dear local newspaper, I beileve that using computers is a good idea and will help people. So many people all over the world have computers. Computers are good because they help kids learn, communicate with others, and help teach responsibility. Please just listen to what I have to say. First, I beileve that computers help kids learn. If you buy computer games like a cooking game you can learn how to cook. Even if you buy the @PERSON1 you are still learning by taking care of them. There are so many good websites that you can go on like @ORGANIZATION1. People learn through playing new things and why not play with your favorite characters. Also, you can go on google and type in anything you want and it will give you the answer. You use a keyboard for all this so you also learn how to type. If your teacher gives you a homework assingment why not type it so you learn that skill. This is why computers are good for hearg kids learn. Secondly, you can communicate with others from around the word or just your friends. There is a thing called @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION2. You use a webcam and talk to anyone you want. There are also websites you can go on too communicate with people from all around the world. It is pretty cool because you don't have to travel there to talk to them. All of this stuff teaches you how people are different and no one person is the same. Peoples language could be different or there personality. So many communicating things make computers even better. Lastly, using computers helps teach responsibility. Kids who use internet know that poeple need privacy and that comes with responsibility because you should know that. If someone dosen't want to be bothered then don't bother them that has to do with privacy. Also, you learn to be nice on computers. If you video chatted you should definitely know to be nice and not be rude. That is how you get kicked off of these things. Another thing is people learn to take care of things a computer is worth a lot of money. Not everyone has one so you should be thankful for what you have. Don't brag, but just know you are privleged for a computer. These things are the reasons computers are good. So if you ever consider getting a computer the answer is yes because computers help kids learn, you can communicate with others, and you learn responsibility. Now you know computers are really good for kids not that bad."