"Computers are great technology, but they have a terrible impact on peoples lives! Computers cause children to fail and lose their exercize. The children also put their self in danger by joining a few different websites. Dont waste your time in a boring computer screen! I am almost @PERCENT1 positive that the students who are doing poorly in school, are the students who go home, throw their back packs in the hallway, and start playing silly games online. My mom use to go on and on about how my dad spents to much time on @CAPS1, when he would only go one @NUM1 minutes a day to talk to family members. Now, my mom created a @CAPS1, that @CAPS2 said @CAPS2 was gona only go on to with the family, but @CAPS2 plays all the pointless applications, such as, ""cafe world."" @CAPS2 waste her time on @CAPS1 whenever @CAPS2 is home, when @CAPS2 could be going out and spending quality time with the family or out with friends. Something I havent mentioned is, I use to be one of those students who come home, throw their stuff in the hallways, and turn on the computer, the only difference is I didnt go online to play games, I would go on to talk to my friends I just saw! I relized after I got my report card that my gades were horifyingly terrible. My dad then disconected my @CAPS4, and I beleive my grades have gone up. At first I hated my dad for disconecting the @CAPS4, but now I want to thank him for breaking a disapointing hoby of being online whenever @CAPS3 home. He also mentioned to my sister how much exersize @CAPS2 was loosing all because @CAPS2 wanted to play online. In alot of ways, computers are pointless! Do you know how dangerous some websites can be? I once watched a television show at my aunts house, and an old creepy guy started a website were the teens had to video tape themselfs choking themselfs and who ever did it the longest won. About a hundred students died from playing the deadly game. There's also a website, ""blogtv.com."" were teens go online and go live on a webcam were anyone can watch them. I remember their was a week when my cousin, denise, and her best friend wanted to see who can get more veiwers. The two girls did unaproprient things on the webshows such as, flashing, dirty dancing, and showing body parts. The two girls were then banned from the website, but this was after people had screen shoted them and posted pictures of the girls. This should not be allowd for anyone to do, it's disterbing! Stop wasting your life people! Go out and have fun, dont let the @CAPS4 keep you home. The @CAPS4 is unsafe and pointless."