"Guaranteed, @NUM1 years from now we will still be using computers they are probably talking to friends, doing research on something or are typing up something for @ORGANIZATION1. Computers are wonderful and let us do so many things that we can't do by ourselves. Without computers life as we know it would probably be way different. Firstly, computers let us talk to our friends and family. Allowing us to communicate to one another without us leaving the safety of our homes. See, just recently a girl in @CAPS1 went over her friends' home to do their homework together. When they were done the girl tried to walk home, and she was never seen again. With computers we can do homework with our friends without leaving our homes. Clearly, without computers life as we know it would be way different. Secondly, computers let us do research about stuff we don't know about. Allowing us to do projects without having to look in old books that maybe not have the info. you're looking for if it was to search @ORGANIZATION1 it would give me a map pointing out it's location and the schools website where I can find out my homework for that night. As you can see the computer allows ud to do things that would take us far more longer to do regularly. Without a doubt, without computers life as we know it would probably be way different @CAPS2, Computers allow us to do homework on it wether it's research or just typing something up, it lets us do more capable things. Most of our daily homework is on the computer. Just @DATE1 we had to type a prompt up on vending machines in our @ORGANIZATION1. So far in @NUM2 grade almost every night our homework is on the @CAPS3 if we were to forget to write down our homework we would have another to get this information. Obviously, without computers life as we know it would be way different. Furthermore, computers are on advancement in technology that this uses constantly. Computers let us look up valuable info. on things around the world. They let us talk to friends and family around the world. They @CAPS3 help us achieve great things in @ORGANIZATION1, wether it be homework or classwork. Without them it would take double to triple the amount of time to do something without them. Finally, I believe that people who are against them just haven't used them in the correct manner."