"Dear newspaper, In my opinion computers do benefit society because a computer is like a big electronics dictionary and they help our soldiers stay out of the line of fire. Computers benefit our society because they are like an electronic encyclopedia. Instead of leasing through a dictionary page by page trying to find a word, all that you would have to do is go on the internet type in @LOCATION1 and in the search box type in the word and every thing pops up. When i have to write a paper on someone I usually use the internet. The other day I had to write a paper on @PERSON1, so I went on the internet, found a website, took notes, put them into my own words and made a works called page. I thought that was easier then finding time to you do a and then find out there  only childrens books on that person. And you can also look up places like @CAPS1 @LOCATION2, or if you need to find out where a place is use @ORGANIZATION1. Computers also benefit our society because they are like big cellphones with a huge keyboard. My big sister is always on the computer using @CAPS2 talking to her friends. This helped her learn to type. Also there are new things like @CAPS3 where you can play games with your friend and talk to them while youre playing. Lastly computers benefit our society because they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire. When I watch futureweapons I see unnamed helicopters that can be controled from hundreds of miles away. Also there is a robot used that digs out mines which saves many lives. When I interviewed @CAPS4 @CAPS5 from the military he said, ""@CAPS6 use those helicopters all the time. @CAPS6 also love how noone has to be in the helicopters so @CAPS6 don't have to worry."" In conclusion computers benefit our society because they are like big electronic encyclopedias, they also are like big cellphones with huge keyboards, and lastly they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire. In school @CAPS6 use computers all of the time for writing papers and researching different things."