"Technology, such as computers are very big. I belive computers have a good effect on people. People that use computers mostly use it to connet with family do research, or to be neat and not write it on paper. I belive that people who dont think computer make a good effect on people shouldn't bother wasting their time using one. @PERCENT1 of people only use computer to connect with family. Usually your family either lives far away or in another state and you dont get to see them very often. Thats why I think video chating on the computer is a good thing. Also is a family come up you could @CAPS1-mail @CAPS2 your family members instead of calling them because they would talk to you forever. Lastley if you use myspace, facebook or twitter you could connect with old friends and not just family members. ""@CAPS2 my teachers enjoy it when I use the computer to do my work, they said its alot neater"" said @CAPS3 romano from strong middle school. Teachers perfer it when you use the computers to do your work. When you are writing a book report or you are writing a story, you would want to use,icrosoft word of something to write out your paper so it is easer for teachers to read. Also if your in science class and you need to make the chart you would want to use exal to make the chart or graph look more professional. Lastly is you wanted to do a presintation on bloody @DATE1 or little @CAPS4 nine you would want to use a power point instaed of just reading from note cards. If people didn't have google or yahoo they wouldn't know what to do, computers are very good for research. If a student to do a presentation on something they would want to know more about it and look,the topic up. Also if your family was having a discusion at dinner and you had no idea what they were talking about you would look it up online, lastly if you just wanted to find lyrics to a song because you and a friend disagreed on something. Once again I belive that computers make a good effect on people, good for connecting with friends and family. Good for being neat and lastly good for reaserching anything!"