"Can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessing over technology such as computers, television, and cellular phones? Our world as we know it will come to an abrubt end if we don't stop this nonsense. Computers can cause obesity, a lack of interactment, and they waste their time on these useless items. Our world can't set aside time for such. Our planet is run by us humans and if we don't take care for its necessities, we will all die including our beloved planet @LOCATION1. Computers aren't a benefit to our society today. First off, computers can cause major obesity like it has done already. Obesity is one of the most brought up health problems in the world. Many issues cause obesity but technology (computers) take a big role in it. Instead of sitting on a computer all day, they can do something a lot more productive such as taking a walk starting a club (adult once children!), help out neighbors ect. So what if they teach hand eye cordination they don't teach us how to stay fit! Computers play a big role in the obesity factor. As adults, you should know how much obesity matters. Children are the future nobody would want the future leaders to be known for the widespread obesity. Never theless, computers take away ""bonding"" time from family and friends. Adults and children alike are lacking social needs. They don't verbally and physically interact ith their ""online friends"". And they wonder why families these days are turning out the way they are the source of the cause is computers. Anyways, people spend too much time on computers if people didn't waste so much time on computers they wouldn't be losing jobs like dropping flies. The unemployment rate is high because they suppose they ""don't have enough time"". When all their time is devoted to To computers if they took out the computers in their lives, they would have @CAPS1 of time to do such. No one wants a ""stay at home"" unemployed loser as themselves. In the end, computers are not a benefit to our poorly run society. They cause obesity, corrupt social needs and eat the people's time away, you @MONTH1 think computers allow others to ""chat"" online with their ""online friends"" but they don't provide our physical and verbal social needs which results in a low self esteem. If newspapers keep publishing articles about the ""benefits of computers."" people will soon stop believing that non sense and eventually stop purchasing these newspapers. Nobody wants to read lies, do they?"