"I believe that computers have a great effect effect on people. People all around the world use computers to talk online with other people, give people ability to learn about faraway people and places, and also let you explore the internet computers are a great influence on our lifestyle. Computers allow people from around the world to interact with friends and family. Some websites that allow you to do so are myspace, facebook, and @ORGANIZATION1. With facebook you can take a picture of yourself and place it on your web page. It is relly quite easy. Also, with @ORGANIZATION1 you can chat with your best friends and can actually see what they are doing. But if you want to do this you are going to need a webcam. I have @ORGANIZATION1 and I think that it is a wonderful resource. I have relatives in @LOCATION1 that I only get to see once a year. But with the help of my computer I can interact with them all year round. Computers can make people from faraway places learn about the culture and ways of another person's lifestyle. Have you ever seen the commercial where a little boy is talking to his father on the computer. Well, in this commercial is laying down on and is eating an @CAPS1 cookie. While he is doing this he is talking on the computer with his dad who is doing the same. At the same time both father and son dip their cokie into a glass of milk, eat it and laugh. I felt at that time that it was a wonderful moment because even though they are both in opposite directions the two are still having a great time. Just to think that it was all because of one computer. Exploring the internet is what a computer can do. When doing this you can play some really fun games on a rainy day when you are bored. You can look up what happened during one of your favorite basketball games. Such as how many points @PERSON1 got for your fantasy team. Also, at my school you can check your grades to see what you got on your last math test or quiz. For example if I had all A's but one @CAPS2 in math, then I would know that I would need to really study for my next test to get on A on it. With the help of the internet, I can do. So, now you know wh computers are a very important part of our society. Computers allow us to talk online with other people, give people the opportunity to learn about faraway people and places, and computers also allow everyone to explore the internet. As you can see now, computers are great influence to our lifestyle. "