"@ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people surveyed in @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 agree that the use of computers benefits society. I personally concern with these @NUM1 people, computers have a positive effect on people. There are multiple reasons why I think the use of computers really benefits society, including it can teach good hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn abour faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Once again I do believe computers can have a positive effect on people. First of all, its's a proven fact that most sports on physical exercise to involve hand-eye coordination to some extent. The computer can help reach people from a very young age good hand-eye coordination. When a person uses a computer they have to keep an eye on the screen but still be able to use the mouse or keyboard. This takes alot of coordination if you think about why don't even love to look at the mouse on keyboard when they are typing, they just know where everything is. People disagree with what I'm saying often use the excuse that when people spend to much time on the computers they aren't getting enough exercise. However, I believe that is not true. The hand-eye coordiantion people learn on the computer help to improve their skill and coordiantion in sports, for example in baseball a person has to be looking at the ball to catch it, but at the samee time they have to move their arm to catch it. That is were the hand-eye coordiantion helps. This proves that computers can benefit society through teaching people hand-eye coordiantion. In addition to this @PERCENT1 of teachers at @ORGANIZATION2 believe that computers can be used as a great tool to help students learn. Computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people. They give people acess to information about a foreign place or people be available in or other resources areas. On the computer one can go to a search sight and type in my place in the whole world. Then all they have to do is search and they have dozens of with information of that place and pictures, @CAPS2 are a society that is advencing in technology people are learnings learn and they can wtih great the of a button. In addition is think it's also a tool in schools. Teachers can have students do projects about different countries on people and the student can easily that the information on the computer. Computer benefit society in the way that they can teach about different loaction and people. Computers can help people become interested in these different topics and @MONTH1 be even inspire some people to go to these faraway places or hack different people. Finally, @NUM4 out of @NUM5 people asked had some kind of way to contact with people online, whether it was through email or facebook. Computers allow people to take online with other people. In our modern society it is very important that a person has friends, are great why to keep in with friends, if live very far away from you on it haven't to them in a while connecting them on the computer is a great way to keep i touch. Those who disagree with my opinion believe that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends. I believe taht is just the opposite. Since @CAPS2 are living in modern ages families understand that kid leaves to college they might be going far away or even across the country. Having computer allows that family to chat an easy way to keep in contact talk with each other. People talking each other on line is just another way how computers benefit society. Its now or never! Computers can have benefit society. They reach people hand-eye coordiantion can be use all through our life. Most importantly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. Lastly they allow people to talk online with others. @CAPS2 are living a modern time, society is advancing everyday and computers are a huge part of it! They are having a positive effect on people."