"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people in our community use computers for positive ideas. Such as if gives you hadn and eye coordination, gives people the ability to research on far away places and allows you to talk to far away family. This is why I think computers have a positive effect on people. To begin with computers give a positive efect on people because it gives you hand and eye cordination. For example that can help you to have ability to do more. Like work somewhere such as a restraunt. This needs lots of cordination for holding heavy trays. My mom is a waitress and she needs a lot of cordination she tells me. Another reason would be you would have more hand cordination driving because you can react fast. Some people say that computers make you not be able to see while. Which than you would need glasses. But thats there desision this can give you one reason that computers are a positive effect on people today. Secondly why computers are a positive effect because it gives people the ability to search far away places. Why this can be a good thing is because you can get a good idea of what its like and might want to take a trip there. Another reason would be that students usually have projects which call for research in other countries. Computers make kids smarter that way but some people say that kids could get on a website where it can be bad, which also they arn't getting exersize if all there doing is researching when they can do that in the own town. But about @PERCENT1 of kids can stil be on the computer than go and get exersize. This is another reason computers are an impact. Lastly, why computers are positive is kids and adults can talk to there friends or family quicker. For exmaple if a family member lives far away instead of mail you can send it on the computer in a @NUM1 minute send. Its quicker and easier. Another reason is your kids will be able to talk to there friends faster than mail as well. About @PERCENT2 of kids use computers to talk to there friends But some people say kids can think there talking to there friends but could be someone bad. But to make sure all your friends should have one question to make sure its there friend. This is why to computers are a positive impact on young adults, and children, parents. To conclude, I would like to say that computers are a positive impact for a couple reasons one it gives you more hand and eye coordination gives people the ability to search other countries and beable to talk to friends. Others disagree because it can ruin your eyes, not get exersize and lastly give your child unsafe. But that can be changed easily by limiting kids, see who they talk to and get them in a sport. This is why I think computers are a postive impact."