"Dear, @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2 has come to my concern that many people are debating on whether computers benefit our society or not. Some people think computers are the lives of many people, but I have to disagree with those who say that. I think that computers benefits our society in there ways, they bring people together, they offer many websites to research a topic, and they let people shop at home. One way that computers help us is that they bring people together by using the internet. Many families do not live close to other relatives, making hard to see them. But with the internet, people can use social networking sites such as facebook or myspace to keep in touch with one another. Distant relatives can talk and share picture with one another to keep in touch. Also, the internet can help bring couple together and potentially lead to marriages. How @MONTH1 times have you seen those @CAPS3 harmony commercial that claim to have brought two singles together to make a happy couple? Another way that computers help today's society is that they offer many places to conduct research on a certain topic. There are so many search engines on the internet that lead you to numerous websites to help you find out what you need to know. Also, researching a topic on the computer is so much easier compared to going to the library and reading books. When using books, to research a topic, you need to find the right book, read the whole thing or at least most of @CAPS2, and find what you're looking for. But with the internet, you just type in what you're looking for, click, and go. Lastly, computers let you shop online and lead to a better shopping experience. By shopping online, you skip the long lines at retail stores which means less time walking to get your product. For example, many people rush to stores early in the @TIME1 for huge sales on ""@CAPS4 @DATE1."" A person could be left waiting in line for hours to get a product. Why wait outside for so long when you could just buy the product in the comfort of your own home and get the product delivered right to your house? Also, many websites offer special deals for shopping online so you can even money. In conclusion, I think that computers benefit our society in three ways, they bring people together, they offer many websites to research a topic, and they let people shop at home. A world without computers would be so much different than the world we live in today."