"@ORGANIZATION1, Computers are great tools and a great piece of modern technology. Almost every family has them. About @PERCENT1 of my class has computers. So many people have them because their helpful and another current learning resource. Also it's a great way to keep in touch with friends. Although they can be time consuming they make up for it in the long run. First, they are helpful because it's quick an easy to get from page to page. It's especially helpful for work because instead of calling a bunch of clients. You can send them all emails in under a few minutes. They also help with school or planning a vacation. You can find great low prices on travel agencies on the computer. This is great because our country is having a bad acession and we need to be saving every penny. These are some of the few reasons why this modern technology is so helpful. Next is that it's a great current learning resource. You can find articles on anything happening right at that moment or a couple days before. Sometimes the articles in books are old and. Those out dated articles don't have accurate more researched information But, computers do so you can compare your information. Also there are online schoold that are affordable. So if you want to get more of an education but, you have to work too. This helps a great deal. A computer can be used for many things like learning. Computers are definetly the best way to keep in touch with friends and family that you aren't able to see very often. I know what your probably thinking, is that well isn't that what phones are for. No because what if that family member or friend doesn't have a phone. Well then they can use their computer to stay in touch. They can use email, facebook, aim, and so many more. A computer helps me stay in touch with people I haven't seen in awhile. Okay, now that I've stated all my reasons why computers are a great resource. I just want to remind you that their helpful a great learning resource, and a great way to stay in touch. Computers are now an important piece of Society. Computers are a whole new track and it should stay that way."