"Computers are very enchanced pieces of machinery. With this high-@CAPS7 object comes knowledge of many different places and what is happening around the world. Next, typing is a universal way of writing that is much faster than hand-writen pieces. Lastly, @CAPS5 is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world. These are thousands of news sbrics, evey day of the year that do not ultimately get coverd because of limited are time on news channels. To quickly and simply get your news from around the world you can visit a website and lock at hundreds of stories at the click of a button. To add to that, you will get more in-depth news for these is no limit on room or space on the website. These will even be areas on the website to donate to the that need assistance. patrick @PERSON3, founder of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, stated"", @CAPS4 bring in billions at dollars in aid to people who otherwise would be in deep trouble, and the main source of all of this money is from internet websites.""@CAPS3 the internet, millions of people would not even know about these people who desprately need help. Typing is a quick and fairly simple way to write, that saves people valuable time. Teaches often assign writing homework, which takes about twice as long to hand-write other than type. Using typing would save you this time and allow you to continue on with other important tasks that are needed to be completed. Furthermore, typing is a mandatory class for many freshmen and previous experience is very helpful to the teachers and students. ""@CAPS4've had many students,""says typing intruder @PERSON2, and the ones that excel not only get an 'A', but also cut there homework time in half. Stress is a common problem in all age groups, and a computer is the best way to releive @CAPS5. Interactive game with people around the world will broaden your specturm to other cultures. You way use your typingskills to talk with others, and share your opinions with them.""@CAPS5 @MONTH1 seem a shock,"" says @PERSON1 at @CAPS6 @CAPS7"", but people who use computers an hour a day are much more culturaly advanced that the others.""To add to that, you can use video chat to talk to people in foreign areas. Friends, family, and exchange students are able to talk and see you through video chat. This greatly reduces parent stay of their children living in a foreign country.Many people"