"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 has come to my attention that computers have positive and negative effects on people. In the past their have been more negative effects on people. In a survey taken in @CAPS2 magazines @CAPS1 should that @PERCENT1 of people, have negative effects with computers. Inmy opinion, I think comuters have a negative effect on people. First, people are not interacting with family and friends. @CAPS1 is very important to have interactions with people. When on the computer your not really interacting with. You just sit there staring at a screen. In a survey taken at @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS1 should that @PERCENT2 of people are on computer and not interacting with the people around them. Parents don't se etheir kids as much because they are always on the computer. Parents would love to see their kids move. Interacting with their family and friends will be healthy to them. Computers take the away fromhanging out with family and friend. Secondly, people don't get to enjoy nature. People on computer might go outside because they are involved with the computer. Stay in one room doing the thing for books for a @CAPS5 in a while people need fresh air. too but learning about nature is more nature. If you dont enjoy nature you dont know what is going on.NAture is all around us and why would you miss out on. in a survey taken in a local magazine @CAPS1 should that @PERCENT2 of people are on computer and. While people enjoy computer, nature. Lastly, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising. Exercise is important for the mind and body. Our bodies need to stay healthy and fit. The lack of exercise is increasing fast. The more people get computers the people exercise. America is over weight already to join the People on computers most just long to become over weight. People rather play on computer that got exercise for a healthy body. Dr. @DR1 a local doctor, has seen more people become over weight and not exercise as much as they used to. He says computers do not provide exercise. He recommends that people use their computers less computers are doing more. In conclusion, I think computer negative effect on. My three reasons are that people are not interacting with friends and family, not enjoying nature and getting less exercise. I you to be in of negative effects on people. @CAPS1's important decision is up to you. "