"Computers are progressing into our lives more and more. These machines help our world become an easier place to do. work, pay bills and even entertain ourselfs. @CAPS3, these things are weighed down by the negative effects like the online dangers, increasing  to reality, and the obesity problems we face. With our new advances people are spending more time sitting around than being outside, which udds more and more to obesity problem we face. Kids and teens today would much rather be on their @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 account, than go for a run or shoot some hopps. Also, more and more ads are on the web for unhealthy foods making these kids more likely to eat more junkfood. Finally, the internet fools people into believing they can go on easy diet eat. and become skinny with no worries. Along with more computers and users comes increasing dangers and threats. Viruses can hack you computer, steal you personal info and destroy you computer. You can have huge bills for things you didn't even buy! Cyber bullies are also a new and dangerous threat!. These people threaten and taught inosent people. I remember a story of a girl who took her own life because she was bullied by someone who turned out to be another girl and her mother. Finally, online predators are a great threat to teens. These people brain wash people, convince them to meet, and rape and kill them. Last but not least todays computers interaction with young minds increases ignorance with ads, and negleck of education and reading. Many kids even myself would rather be online than read a book or do homework. @CAPS3, computer can take over some people's likes, they will neglect school and other important things like homework or studing credting weaker minds for out future. Also, ads and website with false information can fall down our youth even more with ignorance and ignorant belifs. Finally, kids computer interaction can cause belites like ""you shout vote for @PERSON1 because he is black"" or other racist and ignorant statements. Computers help our advance in bettering the world and our understanding of our world, @CAPS3, certain aspects can create ignorance and danger for people yound and old, and their minds."