"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 technology continues to become more and more enhanced so has the percentage of americans who use computers. @PERCENT1 of those americans, are children from the ages of @NUM1 to @NUM2. Most teens use the computer to interact with friends on social sites or spend a good chunck of their home playing online games. But what about the other teens; the ones who are constantly facing cyber bullying or are put in dangers way by talking to people they don't even know? To prevent these issues, I say we put a limit on our use of technology. Social sites, such @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and facebook, have been growing at an alarming rate. More teens would rather be on the computer than outside playing tag or on a swingset. I, myself, have an @CAPS2, facebook, and @CAPS3 and it's prevented me from getting exercise becaose it's almost like i'd rather be talking to my friends than going for a jog. It bothers me, it really does, but there is one question I always risk myself; how do I stop? I've been going on runs, studying more, and spending time with my family. There's ways and reasons to stop being so attached to technology, we just don't know how to get the message spread. Other than the affects social sites and exercise has had because of computers, online gaming is also a big issue too. Many kids, not mostly boys, to what I see at school are absolutely loving online gaming. But the only people that actually benefits in life are the website owners. These games are not educational, it's not a good why to spend a couple of hours of your time. So generally it's a waste. More important things should be done during this time like studying or doing homework. Just think, you could even hangout with friends doring that time rather than sharing on a monitor. Although computer gaming is a big reason why kids go on the computer, bullying is a huge factor along with stranger danger on chats. If, you're someone who's bullied constantly at school, you think being able to go home and spend time on the computer is amazing; until bulling came along. Cyber bullying can lead to a child working themselves, getting fights at school or even worse, someone's like taken because they didn't think it was worth living. Limited computer use or parental control would really help prevent this. Computer usage has its ups and downs,but my point is safety, health, and education, one the main issues we face because of modern technology. I'd like to hear that my letter to your newspaper was read. Please get back to me with your thoughts on this issue within the next three days by email."