"Dear @CAPS1 of Newspaper, @CAPS2 has been brought up to concern that computers are a mence to society. On the Computers are very helpfull. If one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something @CAPS2 would show how to. They also can help you do things like read faster and hand eye corridnation. Computers are also a good form of entertianment. Those are some of the reasons computers are helpfull. First, computers can help find out how to do things. If there is evey somewhere far to go or there are many winding roads to get there you can use the computer. On the computer there are many maps that give detialed discriptions on how to get places. Specialist say that over @PERCENT1 veiwers get to their destianation. The due to lack of driving skills. Computers also help with instructions on how to make things. If there is a cake to be made the computer will have recipies to make @CAPS2. That also can help make projects. For example They show things about @CAPS3 mythology for making a @CAPS3 pat. The computer can help you, learn langues. There is software that can teach people languages just like books execpt that they have animated teachers to help speak the languege that one got directions to go to. Reading all the didn't langues can help you with normal reading. Another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading. Did you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 americans have trouble reading. That wouldn't happen if they had computers. Almost everything on the computer has to be read so @CAPS2 gives a lot of practices. @CAPS2 also will improve hand eye corodination. When someone something they watch the screen not their hand. Also on microcoft word to type an essay you watch the screen not your fingers typing. There are many games on the computer for improving hand eye corrdination. The last reason that computers affect people is that they are enteritaining. One the internet there are many fun games for all ages. Some games they could watch videos one youtube there are many funny videos there. As you can see computers are helpfull in many ways. They will give directionn to places or help people with reading, Computers are entertianing and fun."