"Dear @CAPS1, The effects computers hace on society is a mixture of positive use and negative use. Getting tired and lazy is a negative use of the computer. When you are on the computer. When you are on the computer for more than @NUM1 minutes ayou start to get lazy and not wanting to get up. That affects a lot of people @DATE1 because there are a lot of people working on their computer for there jobs and they have to use the computer. Kids are harder because they don't want to do something other than just sitting on the computer instead of when they come back from school because they are so tired, if we limit the time they use the computer it will be better for kids, grown ups, and your brain. When adults spend a lot of time on the computer due to there jobs or checking their email, a lot of times they don't interact with their family or other people because they are on the computer I can connect with this because @CAPS4 dad is always on the computer due to his office not talking to us or even seeing is. Sometimes I wish that the world should of never invented computers because I get so frustated with them, but a lot of times we do spend family time and its good to get away from your computers beside thats what makes the money. Emailing, chating, @CAPS3, aim, @CAPS2 are all echnology communication using these communcation is helpful if somebody can't text or doesn't have a phone you can always chat them on @CAPS3 or send them an email. Email & @CAPS3 are the only @NUM2 communications I @CAPS4 dad sends use a lot of emails to @CAPS4 soccer coach about how I am not going to be at a game or I am going to a game, and he always responds. It is very easy. @CAPS3 is a good way for kids to talk to one another because some might not have phones or you don't see them at all during the school day. It's a good way to communicate without @CAPS3 or email I don't know what would happen, but I knoe it would be bad. So you see how computers have positives or negatives getting lazy, not spending enough time with friends or family and talking to friends are all positive & negative conflicts of the computer."