"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 much do computers affect our life? I have always thought of that question. Technology is getting up to the roof and it makes our life more easier, but have you ever thought that maybe technology might take people's work? In everyday of our live we see something new that comes out and becomes an easy tool for us. But what about us? Since technology come out people has become not the same; for example cars, by having them people doesn't walk and not even exersice, they don't spend too much time with their family and friends and lastly people miss thousands of wonderful things that happend outside. I just think that technology like computers take a whole quater of our life by mostly doing the work for us. First, have you ever, notice that people get obiese so fast? I know the answer to that question. The obesitity in @LOCATION1 is getting worst, people are getting fattier by just been in a cautch and sitting with a computer and eating, what exersise are they doing there? People doesn't exersise anymore, instead of them playing games like, soccer, volley-ball, baseball or even running, @CAPS3!! They are at the computer playing games that doesn't do anything good. I have asked people about what they think about this and this is what a woman answer, "" I htink that people doesn't think about their health, they just think to make life easier"". I agree with her; obisitty could bring you to the hospital and you don't want that. Second, have you ever asked your self about @CAPS2 much time you ever spend with friends and family? Well think of that. Maybe you got a computer because you were spending too much time outside bu not with your family, but you can see that you're probably most of the time at home since you bought your computer, but not with your family. Spending time with your family is so important because you might miss so many wonderful things. For example family parties, or just watching a show on the t.v. I just think that spending time with your family is important. Lastly, if you are a parent and you are too much in a computer, won't you feel bad if something happend with your son/daughter? In everyway we always miss wonderful things, and sometimes we loose it because of technology, you don't want that right? Imagen you are at the computer and your daughter said her first word won't you feel bad if you missed that? I would. Always give time to life because maybe one day you might hate your self for missing so many wonderful things. In conclusion, so many people have become addicted to computers, they just can't lieve it alone. Imagen that you become one of them. You becoming obise, not spending time with family and missing wonderful things that the world provides us. I hope you understand that technology is not everything in life."