"Dear The @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 I can see both sides of your argument, on wether computers are important. However, computers have revelotivizied they way we live our lives. Just for a moment, think what would the world be like without computers. I feel the computers one or important aspect of our lives. Computers are espicially important to students and teachers. For instance if a student needed to do a report on @LOCATION1, he could look up facts and other things on @LOCATION1, then he could condence the facts into a paragraph on a word document, and if he had a question he could email his teachers. Finaly he, could print out the finished report. All that, without having to get up and bother his parrents to go to the bookstore and pay @NUM1 on a book that he will probably read one time. Also if he had a question there would be no comunication outside of school. Anothe example of students using computers is online textbooks, which spares them of logging heavy texbooks home. Because I know computers have helped me in school and more work much easier. Secondly, @PERCENT1 of busnesses say that they use computer daily, and some agree that without computer, their busnesses would fail. Computer make busnes much easier, espically with the busness monoging and file keeping programs that are oidible. On a computer, busnesses can store customer information, comppare income, and keep stock of inventary without having a cluttered pile or file cobinet. Computers can also saave buseness money because that con cut out jobs such as record keeper. Also busnesses con save time of having meeting via web cams instead of having people drive from state to state for one meeting then do it next monet and the month after; and they coud emall impertant things such as sales projections and other things as well. Computers are also important and helpful in the home. People can do grocery shopping from the home they can order pizza online and they can go shopping online. Also, people can pay their bills online which saves paper. Lets say this, a moter, has a child! who is sick and she wants to know the to heal him, what to feel him, and what medicine to give hime. She can look all this up on the computer and bookmail the websites for next time. Then her other child comes provide, and she wants to find a health snork. She can feed him which she ca do online. Next she ways to make chicken fried rice,out she wnet know how, she can look up the recipe online. Finaly after dinner she need to cleen a stain on the carpet but it wont come out so she buys a carpet cleener from the web. Computers have just moderthy mothers day so much easier. Without computers our lives would be much harder. If we didnt have computers if the person who a report on @LOCATION1 would have failed, the sick child would have not, the hungry child would have been fed unhealthy food, and @MONTH1 would fail. coputers are an important afect of our lives."