"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 generation has grown up with the complex technology called computers. I have learned over the years of using them, that they aren't as helpful as the seem. They can cause an addiction, and create numerous distractions. First of all. many doctors say that computers cause ""the new depression."" The internet is where most of this takes place though. For most teenagers, having a facebook, myspace, or formspring is not unusual. I know from personal experiences, that some people abuse these social networks and use them as another way to bully people. So therefore, not only do you get made fun of in school, but now, people can make fun of you in cyberspace.. This is the main reason that people become socially depressed. There is almost no way to escape it and all of their anxiouty really starts to get to them. Addiction to computers is also a very negative impact. Many people go on the internet and are so fascinated that, that is how they spend their free time. About @PERCENT1 of people say that they are addicted. From @CAPS1 experience with using the internet. I know that there is always something that pulls you back in. You know that you are on addict when you spend more than an hour a day on the computer. Parents always say that it is a self-control issue but many adults have the same problem. They have just started to be able to use the computers, so many times they go through a phase or addiction. Furthermore, this addiction problem would be totaly gotten rid of it we stopped using computers. Finally, computers also create many distractions to students. When students sit down to type their papers they also, many times, have another at the same time. Therefore they are getting barely any work done. Social networks only just make this even worse. Constantly chatting with someone can cause tou to loose track of time. Also, when you try to multitask with the internet. Therefore causing grades to go down or not complete home work on time. All and all, this is an issue that can be easily avoided by eliminating computers. In conclusion, computers do not help us. They cause social depression, which cause people to have anxiouty problems. They cause addiction, which end up taking over peoples lives. They create divertion that make concentrating hard. I feel that computers have negative affects and they should be gotten rid of completely!"