"Dear local newspaper, I believe that computers are effecting the lives of many people. More and more people keep getting sucked into the amazing things that computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life. People should be exercising, and hanging out with friends and family, computers dont even teach you that much if you really think about it. People don't even realize that computers can take away very important things in life. Fore istance, people aren't getting nearly as much exercise as they need. In this generation, more kids are overweight and obese that any other other generation. People get so caught up in what they are doing on the computer that they forget to exercise each day, or at least every other day. Computers just add to list of excuses not to do anything. People already spend way to much time watching t.v. It rots your brain and studies acually show that people are less aware and less connected to the world and the people around them. Computers are the same as t.v.'s, you say that your just going to be an for a minute and then next thing you know @NUM1 hours have already gone by. Computers @MONTH1 be exercising your brain, but they're not exercing you and that's what really counts. Even if you were on the computer doing research for a school project, the computer still wouldn't help you. Most people don't have the time to run out to the library to get the books that they need, so they just resort to the computer. That isn't the smartest idea because half of the websites that you click on or go to don't even have the correct information. You might look at it and read it, and even if it sounds good to you, that doesn't mean that it's right. Next thing you know, you have a @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 on an assignment that the thought you aced. On top of getting false information, most people don't even know where to look to get the information that they're looking for. People just type what they are looking for into the google search box and press enter. Then they just click on the first link that they see and use the information that is right on the page. Then all of these different windows are popping up and you are far from where you were. People then just give up and start goofing off on the computer because they don't feel like trying to get back to that page. If people just went to the library and did research the old fashion way, then they would stop to notice all the things in life that they are missing out on. People should be focusing on family and friends rather than playing games on the computer. Sure you can talk to people on the computer but you can't bond with them or really see what they are feeling. It's better to invite them over and have some fun playing board games or just talking in person for a change. Even if your spending time with your family or friends you're probebly thinking about the computer the whole time that they are there, so go out and do something for change, a little fresh air wouldn't kill you. You should go to an amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, do something that will keep your mind off the computer. People don't realize it, but after spending so much time with your family, rather than your computer, you will acually notice what you have been missing out on for so long. As you can see, computers aren't helping anyone. It's either not exercing, getting false information, or not spending time with your own family! Seems to me that having computers around isn't everything that it's cracked up to be."