"A lot of people use computers in present day. It allows family and friends to interact with eachother, research places and ideas, and lets you type a document to look neat. On the other hand, computer technology, prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and talking to family and friends in person. I want to explain to you how I feel about computers personally. I can honestly tell you that I love computers. I spend a lot of time on @CAPS3, because it lets me talk to friends I sometimes don't get to see. I can even see how my cousin in @LOCATION1 is doing. Computers also help me out with homework. For projects on a subject that I don't totally understand, I can just hop on my laptop, search what I need, and @CAPS1!, I have my information. Then after that I can type up my report and even pick out a couple of pictures to print out, see? Computer are bangin! But I can understand the other side of the issue. Computers can be time consuming. I can admit that I've spent hours at a time on the computer. This has become a problem. Experts say that people are starting to spend to much time on the computer and less time in the real world. A perfect example is my brother. He loves the @CAPS2. My mom will call him down for dinner and he'll be too engrossed in what he's doing that he will skip the meal. His friends will call him and he'll blow them off until he finishes his game. I agree that people should not spend so much time on computer. You have probably read this and thought to yourself. Well? How does she feel about it? I can honestly say, I was supposed to choose one. But here's the thing. I like my laptop. I'm addicted to @CAPS3, But, I still play sports, I talk to my family, and I even like to take walks through the words or on the beach. I neutral, like @CAPS4 from @CAPS5. Scientist say computers have positive effect on people. Some experts say they're concerned computers have a negative effect on people. @PERSON1 says they are both right. Computers are wonderful. They are one of the most growing technologies in our world. But we don't need to spend @CAPS6 of our time on them. I hope you understand my point on this issue."