"Dear Local Newspaper, I have herad that you guys are deciding whether or not computers have a negative or positive impact on the society. In my opinion, I believe computers have a very negative impact not only to adults but mostly to students too. Computers in general can be distracting, very dangerous, and give people less time to excercise. Computers in total do not have a bad impact on people. Some people say computers are not distracting, well I say they are. Computers have varies websites such as @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 which can distract people from studying or even doing their homework. @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 are websites where you can chat with friends and see peoples pictures. These websites can be very interupptive when trying to do something important. For example, I am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying. If I had to choose between doing homework or chatting on @CAPS1, I would choose @CAPS1. But if you actually think about, are these websites benefitting anybody. Homework and studying can actually benefit you in doing better can benefit you in your studies and ferther on in your life. In total, I believe computers are a big distarction. When people go on the computer they go on without worrying a little bit. They don't know the danger behind it. These dangerous computer have people on it called online predators. Online predators sit on the computers basically all day trying to harm others. One website in specific that I herad was very harmful is myspace. This website is even more dangerous then @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. Myspace is like @CAPS1 in a way but very dangerous. For instance, my mom told me that one of her friends daughter had a myspace and became friends with a guy she didn't know. Of course she didn't worry because according to her he seemed a nice guy so she gave him her number. Good thing her mom saw it, otherwise something bad would happend. He ended up being an online predator. Lastly, computer can make people unhealthy. People who stare on computers non-stop can make them not exercise. For example, not playing sports such as soccer, vollyball, and tennis. This is very unhealthy for people in our society because they can become obese and unhealthy. This is why computers can make you not exercise. In conclusion, computers can have a very negative effect on people. It can be very distracting, dangerous, and unhealthy for not exercising. In total, computers cannot have a bad impact on people."