"Dear Newspaper, The world that we live in today is full of technology. Everything from check out isles at the grocery store to coffee makers at home are being upgraded all the time. The technology has many great things about it, but theres also a huge down fall. The most common technolgy device is the computer, its a great thing to have but its also very bad. The computer can be used to bully, it can take time from exercising and it even takes from your social and grammer skills. We all know the websites such as facebook, myspace and @CAPS1. They sseem harmless but its really just a place for harassment. Their said to keep friends in touch, butkids use them to say hurtful things about each other. Half the kids in my eighth grede class have admitted to either getting bullied or bulling over the computer. If so many kids are getting hurt by the then why do we all keep using computers? Many kids @MONTH1 say they don't spend to much time on their computers but @NUM1 out of @NUM2 kids in my school admit that they do. Checking the computer is the first thing they do when they get home from school and the last thing hey do before going to sleep at night. All the time these kids spend on the computer is taking away from exercising and enjoying life as a child. I've seen many kids gain exessive amount of weight because they don't eat proper food they don't exercise and they shut down from reality all because they are obsessed with their computers. kids are even getting portable computers, thats how addicted they are. Do you want your kids like that? However, all these programs and websites that are on computers have a way to inneract with friends, and socialize. But all of this is taking away from your social skills, even grammer. Most kids and teenagers would rather talk over the internet thant face to face, and half the time they don't even spell word correct or use proper grammer. In the long run all this talking over computers is going to hurt them when it comes to school and getting a job. I know that computers are good for school because you can research stuff for projects and e-mail your job. But the time spent, kids getting bullied, and the now lack of social skills is not worth it. We need to cutback on our societys use of computers because it will help us all when it really counts. Just ask yourself do you want your kids getting bullied? Do you want to gain weight? Do you want to loose your social and grammer skill? Just ask yourself these questions and you just might change your mind."