"Computers today are much different from computers back then. They help you with projects or homework but many experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers. I think that computers help people in many ways, like teaching a hand-eye coordination. They're useful because people can talk to friends and family members that they haven't seen in a long time and computer skills are required in the real world. Hand-eye coordination is very important and using a computer can help people build up the coordination. This helps because if one has to type a @NUM1-page report, then one who has good hand-eye coordination, or typing skills, ""can finish a report in @NUM2 minutes or so. If one has poor hand-eye coordination, well that @NUM2 minute report will take about a few hours. No one likes to be sitting infront of a computer for a few hours. Everyone has friends and best friends that they talk to every day, But what happens if that friend moves out-of-town, out-of-state or possibility out-of-country? They might be forgotten or never seen from again. Well, thanks to technology and the advancement of computers, people can chat online on @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 instant messaging, myspace or facebook. They can catch upon things, check out what's new, even see posted pictures of them. The same thing can be applied to family members who have moved away. Who wouldn't want to talk to friends or family that haven't been heard from? Lastly, having computer skills is very, very, very important in the real world. Skilled people who have a good knowledge of the computer world can get great jobs like a computer programer for the state, or they can create websites for their own jobs. Other jobs people with computer experience can have would be an editor of movies or @CAPS2 shows. That's big money there. No wonder schools have computer classes. It's to get students to have a good background of the computer. Computers are not that bad. They teach hand-eye coordination, lets people talk to other people online and can get people great jobs. Many educated people would agree that computers doesn't have a positive effect on people."