"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the experts in people staying on the computer to much. The reason why is family and friends are distant, mood swings can occur and also being overweight, finally computers can do a lot of things @CAPS1 far. To be on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you. If you were to stay on a computer for a whole day, taht causes people to think otherwise of how you are. Also if you were to stay inside on a @DATE1 and your friends come over but you say, ""I don't wanna go out"", there just drifting away slowly. Since I am a teen I stay up texting and talking and going outside and I hate to see on of my friend's on the computer when I wanna hang out. When I was @NUM1 or @NUM2, I used to always be on the computer for like days to weeks, until my friend's and family said don't let this get to you. I had a friend who was a good athlete and very funny and nice, but when his mom got him a computer, I didn't want to be his friend. When I was @NUM2 I use to get mad at everything if I couldn't use the computer, it was like I was a brat. Also I used to be big, (as in overweight) because I never went outside to exercise or in my own room. The reason being on why I stopped being his friend was he to get mad if I come over there to ask if he can come outside. Also when he did come outside he used to never do nothing or run because he was always @CAPS1 tired, @CAPS1 what I am trying to say is the computer can really change people in a lot of bad way's. The last thing which makes everyone change is what computer's can do now. For example, a game called @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 can get you addicted @CAPS1 fast, you barely do anything elese. Another bad thing is @CAPS4, sure you keep in touch with friends but if you stay on too long, it's basically hooked you into it. Lastly online chatting room's or games when you can create a person to look like you makes you think that's gonna be your life from now on. Also people think that computer's can do anything it really can't, everything a computer can do is like a drug it's addicting. Well I just gave you a little thing of a lot of thing's a computer can do but to refresh your memory I'll say it again. A reason why I agree is family and friends seem distant to you at times you get mood swing's and less exercising, lastly what a computer could do now. Since you know now of the danger's that can happen I suggest you rethink about computers."