"Dear newspaper, I disagree with you about computers. I think that computers are helpful with projects, homework, or letters. For example you can use a computer to help you with projects, if you have a project to do and you don't feel like going to the library, you can use a compater to look up information on just about anything. And you don't have to draw pictures, that's what printers are for. Also when you have homework most kids or teenagers, even adults don't like doing homework, thats what a computer do for you can just look up the anser online and then your done in no time. Let's say you have to write a essay I know nobody likes to write essay's by hand you can type @CAPS1 and design @CAPS1 with your own designs and make @CAPS1 look nicer than you writing @CAPS1. Further more I know nobody likes to keep up with and if you lose @CAPS1 then you have to start over and that takes forever to do especially if @CAPS1's due the next day, you get bored and you don't feel like writing @CAPS1 over and you get mad because you already did @CAPS1. And when you had @CAPS1 in you mysteriously find you other paper that you finished and lost and @CAPS1 makes you so angry. And then you have to worry about if someone store @CAPS1 and copied @CAPS1 and put their name on the copied one but changed some of your ideas around so that they wouldn't lose major points and grade drops from a @CAPS2 to a @CAPS3 in no time flat. Lastly you can use a computer write finds of letters. You can write a that and people's report card's if your a teacher, and you can also write a letter to friend that mights have moved away. Therefore the types of letters you should be writing are love letters to yor wife or girlfriend at work or in school and @CAPS1 fast too instead of writing @CAPS1 and then you hards start to the worst kind of way. So instead you can write @CAPS1 fast and they get @CAPS1 fast if they have computer but if they work at a school then they can get because every school should have a computer so they'll be able to get @CAPS1. Another kind of letter you can write is a letter to your friend that you haven't seen in years or that has moved to another country or to another state so I hope now I have convinced you about why @CAPS1 is @CAPS4 to have a computer but as you sad @CAPS1 itsn't always @CAPS4 to be on the computer @NUM1 but once in a while @CAPS1 okay especially in an emergency if someone has just died in your family and you don't know how to get there use a gas, and if you don't have a gas go online and print out the directions so that you can get their and see which family member died and if you knew that so now that you know the importance of a computer. I hope you use @CAPS1 wisey."