"More and more people use computers in fact about @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1.T has computers, everyone uses them. I think they are very good to have because you can use them for emailing, jobs, and schoolwork. This is why I think having a computer is a good things what do you think? As I was say computers are good for emailing, even I.ming. lets say you play baseball and you forgot what time your game is. You can just push that power button and tree to your coach asking what time you need to be at the feild. Also theres I.Ming, its wen you can talk to your friends online its a great way to comunicate and meet new people. Emailing is great, its so hi-tect you can email one of your family members who live thousand miles away from you. I once did that my aunt's lisa was in florida and i asked her to send me pictures of the water and the beaches and she did, they were eye catching. Next reason why computers are good to have is for jobs. In todays world everything is ran by computers for example each registers. A.T.M. and car are ran off of computers. So having it for a job is great. Lets your tells you to fax over a copy can do it the computer within a minute i know my dads job requires of he keeps it all to his witch on his desktop on his laptop. This is why most jobs have computers. Do you are one? Lastly, school was computers . For example my teacher on his computer atendence, homework and . If he didn't have that, he would be lost. Its also good for the kids too. Every week in social studies we have to look up the presidents and i use my laptop for that. Did you know is a program were you can look at your grades and missing assignments? It's call power school. Computers are great for school. I think every one should have one. So what do you think about them? Are they amazing or what? I think are very helpful because you can use them for emailing, working, and school work. If it wasn't for computers we would really know as much as we do now. About @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1.T have them. Computers are gonna help you through life alot, welcome to the real world."