"Dear newspaper, I read an article in the newspaper that said how people on their computers is a benefit and could be a bad habit. I actually think it’s a good idea about people being on their computers. I have a few reasons why this is a good thing. Whenever a student needs information on a certain topic, then they use the internet for help. Research is helpful because there could be a lot of sites on-line that could give you what you need. The topics typed into search engines will help find any information help to you. Whenever a teacher @MONTH1 need an assignment typed, you can type it on your computer and have it ready the next day. You can also find interesting pictures on what you're learning about. Sometimes the internet could have more information than a certain book you would look into. It would sometimes be a good idea not to search for something all night, or someones going to be mad at the electricity bill. Also, it would be good if you double check your information because it could be fake. Using the internet doesn't need to be for work only. People use computers to shop on-line, check times for movies, and talk with friends. People talking to friends on-line is good because they @MONTH1 not be able to talk however they want in school, and you @MONTH1 not get to see them on the weekends. Teens who talk on-line usually talk with their best friends. If one friend on a group of friends probablly in the same town as you, then they could talk by using their laptops they bring anywhere. Then you could probably hear about something that you (and your friends) have in common which @MONTH1 be coming somewhere that's by where you live. So being on the computer to talk with friends isn't so bad. Students who are young, usually get to learn to type. This could help them in the future if you need to type up an assignment for school, a job application, or college application. Learning to type is good because you also get to see which keys are where and wont need to look at them alot. Soon, you would be able to type a certain amount of words in a short amount of time. This @MONTH1 also be help with reading and understanding big words. In conclusion, I think, computers don't hace too much of an effect on people. As long as they'er not on there for more than two hours, then they're fine. Using the computer seems to have more advantages than disadvantages."