"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have @NUM1 reasons why computers effects have on people. First, computers are not good for your eyes. Second, the reason why people get on computers a lot. Third, there are so much games and places to go like myspace, facebook and even twitter and much more. Keep on reading so I could tell you all about my three reasons. First of all, computers are not good for your eyes because computers are like @CAPS3's is the something but not really because computer as more information and @CAPS3 dont really got so much information you could browse for. My second reason is that the more people be on computers the more blind they could get just for being on the computers for a hour or more. Third, some people dont even dare if they be on ocmputer they wont they might think that just becaus ethey wear gasses they wont get blinder but they are wrong they will get more blinder. As you reading you will find out my second reason fro being to much in the computer. My second reason, is that why people get in computers alot well peopel get on computers just to their or do their taxes but that is not good because just because your doing your bills or your taxes you  to alot of information that people in other countries or state could get without you knowing , second is that people or get on computers to pay their bills or do their taxes they also get on the computer to maybe order something or buy a ticket to fly to a place they want to go like a vacation place or a business trip. my third reason is that they not only buy or order things but thet get in websites that will make their lives better like meeting soembody special or something else. As you keep reading you will find out my third reason for being to much and so long in the computers. My third reason, is that their are alot of activities to do in the computer for a example myspace, facebook and twitter are the most popular website that people get in just to meet new people and talk to old friends. In conclusion, people should not be on computer too much because of their health and their privacy and also to be sure not to meet strange people. "