"Computers should be for everyone! Dont you think?, I do. And here's how @CAPS1 gonna convince you. Computers can basically be called a gateway to learning. Positive effects that computers have on peole is that, it teaches hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and even allow people to talk online with other people. These great qualities computers have for people are fantastic. Also the fact that computers just keep upgrading as time goes by. So, by you reading this introduction, I hope you are satisfied with what I am going to in order to show you that computers are positive devices and can be helpful to everyone. Firstly, as I started in my introduction paragraph, computers help teach people hand-eye coordinates. This i believe is a good thing to know because without it, there arent many things you could do. For example fly a plane. You wouldn't be able to do that without both hand and eye coordinates because you would have to manually move the plane, and check to see if everythings in order by multi-tasking. Furthermore, this is just one given reason on why computers are positive towards everyone's benefit. Secondly, computers give people the ability tolearn about faraway places and people. This is also good for people's benefits because, theres knowledge in every bit of it. Your learning about others cultures, heritage, family history, and so forth and so on. This could also help you in the long run with any job you want to do because knowledge can get you anywere. It can get you very far in life so learn as much as you can, and I beleive computers can do so. This is another reason why computers can be positive. As for the last reason, I say that peolple can also talk to other people online on the computer.This is also beneficial because again, like I stated in my @NUM1 paragraph, you can learn many things that way and meet new people. Now dont you think computers can benefit anyone! I do and will always have the same opinion that is positive towards computers. For my conclusion, I would like to say that I hoped you enjoyed every bit of what I had to say, and you can also agree with the positive affects computers have on people. I truly beleive that computers are beneficial to all people and should continue to be around. it benefits society, and I enjoy every bit of using it. Thank you."