"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, i do not believe that computers benefit society, I feel this way because I have heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time doing unproductive things. The main reason why I am against keeping computers around is because the people that use them the most are neglecting their families as well as their friends. The second reason why I am against keeping computers around is because they are too time consuming. Last but not least, I am against keeping computers around because people are spending too much time on the computers and less time exercising. Now, lets talk about the way people are neglecting their families and friends. Computers are very addicting, so I can understand why people would neglect their loved ones for them, though I can understand why certain individuals do it I dont think its right. I have many friends who would rather be on facebook or myspace than hang out with me. The web site listed above can really make you forget about reality. My friends will forget about interacting with any and everyone just to spend time on the computer all day. The reasons listed above tell you why I believe that computers should be taken away because of neglecting purpose. Now, lets talk about all the time that is being consumed by computer users. i believe that time is a very valuable thing and you should not waste it. So when I read about people wasting time on the computer all day I, myself, was very upset! Statistics show that the average teenager spends @NUM1 hours a day on average on the internet, statistics also show that the average aldut spends about @NUM2 @NUM3 hours on the computer a day on average. When I read the above statistics I came to grips with the fact that people spend too much time on the computer doing nothing. Now, lets talk about exercising a bit more. I, myself, know that too much time is being spent on computers. By me knowing that I am aware of the fact that children are not exercising. Exercise is very important for a growing child, and if they are not getting all the exercise that they need it can cause health problems in the future,. Statistics show that around @PERCENT1 of children under @NUM4 years of age are obese. The above reasons tell you why I believe that exercise is more important than spending time on the computer. Now, lets bring this letter to an end."