"Technology has been growing and changing rapidly. Just look at apples new @CAPS1, a desent rized touch screen computer. Computers have been rapidly changing too. But I think that @CAPS2 need to cut down on the use of electronics. Being one the computer for a long time and large amount of time can damage your eyesight, give you arthrightus and takes time @CAPS5 of exersizing; one of the thing manhy @CAPS2 need to do. Many @CAPS2 have been spending has too long on the computer, although it can be very useful it can also be very damaging to your eyesight many people spent large amounts of time staring at the computer screen. If you stair at something for too long it can damage your eyesight and make it worse because your trying @CAPS5 your eye lens. Also the lighting from the computer is very hurtful to your eyes. The light coming on to your eyes is like staring at the sun but not quit as damaging. The sun will instatntly damage your eyes while overtime a computer slowly damges your eyesight. If your eyesight is already damaged a computer will worsen it. The more time spent on a computer the more you damage your vision. Since your eyes are already bad you might think ""well they can't get any worse."" @CAPS5 the truth is they can not only is the light and the amount of time spent during a being onthe computer damaging to people with @NUM1 vision but even more damaging to people without. can be genetic or common to people who constently their knuckles. It can also be common to people who spend exeessive amount of time on the computer. AIM is very popular to people of all ages. Its a way to instantly gossip or chat with freinds. But it takes alot of typing. Typing to long or to much can cause your fingers to lock up and it harder for your bones to move over your joints without pain. if this constenity happens to you you could be a canidat for arthrightus. No letting your fingers take a break can also be one of the reasons your fingers hurt, if you never let them take a break they can also lock up and it can be very painful. You should spend less time on the computer if you don't want artrightus. Because of all this new technology less @CAPS2 go outside and play or hit the gym and exersize. That @MONTH1 be way many @CAPS2 are over weight. Being on the computer for to long takes away time you could use to exersize or get some fresh air."