"Dear whomever it @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1 name is @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and I think that the effects that computers have on people is not good. I think this for a few different reasons. Those reasons are that because of them noboby goes out, people; especially students loose penmanship skills, and people loose their desire to do normal everyday things. They make us lazy!! Because of computers people don't go out. They don't go for walks because their doing something on the computer. There is now no reason for anybody to ever visit a store of any kind because you can order everything online and have it delivered right to your front door. Also, for a lot of people, they don't even have to go to work. They can work for whatever company right from their home computer. People can even finish highschool and college on their computers, by taking online courses! That brings me to @CAPS1 next reason for computers haveing a bad effect on people. Students, can now type out all assignments, some schools even give laptops to students to use throughout the year. Being able to type out everything would mean that students would barely ever have to pick up a pen or pencil, makeing their handwriting worse from lack of practice. Another way computers have a bad effect on students is because of the internet. You can find any and everything on the internet, from math books to dictionarys and other resource books. Because of this some students don't even know how to look up a word in the dictionary, let alone find needed information in a book. I think this gives students a wrong idea and sence of reality. When they go to work, not everything will be done on a computer, but this is all they are being taught to use. Lastly, people are losing their desire to do everyday things. Why go out with friends when you can talk to them online? Why go out to dinner when you can order it online? People are starting to see no point in going out and doing things because there are ""more important things"" to do on the computer. I personally think they are brain-washing us and pretty soon the world is going to be one giant computer. Based on everything I just said I don't think computers have a very good effect on effect on people. They are makeing the world a very uptight and controlled place to be and based on that selected information, I'm sure you can see why."