"Dear @CAPS1 man, @CAPS2 would you want people to be on a computer all day doing nothing? How would you feel if no one was out getting excrise, and no one was using the playgrounds, parks and beachs. Everyone will be sitting at home on there nice new fanny computers. When you really do think about how much time people spend doing nothing, just sitting around, @CAPS2 would a computer solve that problem? It really @CAPS4't. This is what I would say to having computers, People spend to much time on computers, excrise is needed, everyday, and it makes your body wear and your eyes strained. When it comes to computers everyone wants to get one, but when we say excrise it seems like peoples mind click off. This happens because people are really starting to spend lots of time on computers. If they work on computers during a long period of the day, @CAPS5 head home to spend more time on the computer, @CAPS5 whats that doing to your body? not helping it. I like computers to and I like spending time on them, when i need to get something done sometime that doesn't happen, because I get and I forget what time it is and that's not fun. Sometime this happens to people they are engaged in there computer, when someone is talking to them and your telling them something you need them to do, and there noding there head like they know what you sayed, but the next time you asked if it got done and it didn't, you know they were listening. Excrise is really important for your body and doens't even have to be to got anything, but don't spend your time wasted on computers. This happens to @NUM1 to @NUM2 or families when they come home from work or school, and jump right on the computers, families are not getting enough excrise or spending time with family because computers get in the way of that. Excrise would help to keep you instead of electronics. Computers are like little robots that control your mind and body, it sucks the life cut of you. It strains your eyes it makes you wrat and you really dont want to do a lot, maybe if people spend less time on computers and more time being more focused on families and nature, they @CAPS4't be weak and tired. I know a lot of people who @CAPS4't want computers to be banned, but I think it would help for a lot of reasons and make families closer and bodys more focused, from my experience computers do help in some ways, but when it comes to real life it helps for really no one. i hope you understand @CAPS2 I say these sort of things, but if you do care about health and activities @CAPS5 you would say that computers are not a lot of help also."