"Dear local newspaper, I would like to speak upon the topic of the effects that computers have on people. My opion on this topic is that computers do have an effect on people. Most people while surfing the internet don't keep track of time. What I mean when I say most people lose track of time is that, they try to keep track of the time but while on the web something @MONTH1 pop that catches their intrest and at that same time there focus is on something else. Some of the other effects computers can have on people is keeping them in the house. When many people are on the web they tend not to excersise as much. When in the house on the web most people that excersise stop excersising. The reason why this occurs is because while people are on the computer chair you feel so relaxed and calm that you don't want to get up. This leads into eating unhealthy foods. Some such as chips, donuts, twinkies and etc. Some @CAPS1 do not believe that is an opinion. The reason I say this is because while watching television the other day I saw a commercial that said quote ""@CAPS2 that are more active are healthier than @CAPS2 that stay on the computer all day. Most @CAPS1 do gain weight on the computer because they are not physically active. Not being physically active can lead to A) obesity @CAPS4) cloged arteries or @CAPS5) lazyness. It can lead to all three because those are the effects of being on a computer every of the day. Most @CAPS1 should be enjoying nature instead of staying on the computer. There is a lot more to life than being on the web. Some such as playing sports. Not only is playing sports fun but at the same tim it is also healthy. Would you rather live to @NUM1 or live to @NUM2. And so local newspaper that is why I am writing you this letter today. I mean would you rather have friends @CAPS2 or be lonely. There are weight surgerys but those can rack up to thousands of dollars. And yes weight loss surgery does have effects such as death. So come on @LOCATION1 its your decison and remember the most important part of this letter which is between liveing healthy and young or dieing unhealthy and suffer. Its your choice @LOCATION1 decide."