"Dear @LOCATION1 @CAPS1, I believe that computers do benefit society. People are able to read, shop, and play online. This makes life easier for many people. Buying books that you would like to read can get expensive. With the internet, people are able to read almost any book right on their computer. In a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save an additional @MONEY1 a year more than people who buy books. People can also read things like newspaper online. If there is snow on the ground, and people are unable to get their newspaper, they can read it online. This way they will know if a newspaper is still good, and continue buying it, including the @LOCATION1 @CAPS1. Additionally, people are able to shop online. Sometime, someone @MONTH1 have been an accident injuring them, and they are stuck at home. If it is a child, their parents will be unable to go to the store because they will be caring for the child. They can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them. People can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school. @PERSON1, a physician, told me that people who shop online have @PERCENT1 less stress than people who go to the store for the same items. He said that is is because they do not need to worry about taking much time out of their schedule to shop. Moreover, the computer is a good way to quictly play games. Young children can be very loud and energetic. Parents can just let them play games and read on the computer. Little kids love just the fact of being on the computer, and letting them go on can keep quiet and occupied for a while. Even just typing is interesting for younger kids. For older kids, there are many games that can play. Action, strategy, puzzles, and many more. They can also play against people around the world. The computer is fun for everyone. So in conclusion the computer is a very good place to go shopping, read books, and play games. Computers greatly help families of today."