"Dear Local Newspaper, I think computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons for my answer is that there are many homework helper websites, the computer helps you learn about places you've never been to, and you can even interact with people all around the world. These are my three reasons on why I think computers have a positive effect on people. First, I think computers have a positive effect on people because there are many homework helper websites that struggling students can go on and get tutored. I remember in @NUM1 grade when I had a math midterm. I was having a hard time understanding the math. Then, I went on a tutoring websites and they taught me everything that I was having trouble with. I think that the computer can help many kids obtain good grades. This is my first reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. Second, I think computers have a positive effect on people because it can help you learn about far away places that you have never been to before. This would be useful for a school project on a country. Also @PERCENT1 of students in my school say that the computer ha s helped them a lot on school projects. The computer could also be useful for planning a vacation. Would you want to vacation to a place that you know nothing about? That is where the computer can help. All you have to do is search your destination and pictures and info will come up so you can make the right choice. This is my second reason why I think omputers have a postive effect on people. Lastly, I think computer have a positive effect on people becuase you can interact with people around te world. I have a brothter that lives in florida, but I can talk to him every day on the computer. Also, I can keep in touch with my friends anytime I want. I think computers help people develop better social skills. This is my last reason why I think computers have a positive effect on people. In conclusion, I think computers have a postive effect on people for better grades, learn different things, and talk to friends."