"How much of your free time daily to you spend on the computer? It is proven that people too to fifteen years old spend an average of @NUM1 - @NUM2 hours of their free time on a computer. People age sixteen to forty-eight spend @NUM1 - @NUM4 hours of free time daily on their computer. Too much time on the computer can interfere with physical activities, social time, and health issues. Computers have some good advantages here and there but mostly result in a negative effect. In this post decade, the percentage of exercise was gone down and computer bills have gone up. Americans have now spent most of the time web surfing, playing online games, and interacting with online chat rooms. After school, kids go home and turn their computer on instead of going outside running and playing. More people across the country have gained weight due to unhealthy food and no physical exercise. Many local sports have lost teammates due to lack of desire for physical activities because of computers. Many people have stopped going out with friends and family due to going on the computer. The that runs through @CAPS1 minds these days is 'why go out to talk to my friends, when I can talk them online?' I think the opposite. Get out of the gloomy house and go out to see my friends. I don't even go online within every days. I check online for homework and in online shopping twenty minutes. Computers have a major effect on social lives like going out and being confident to meet new people. Lastly, health issues are raising rapidly! The reason we now have shows on @CAPS2 about people with weight and health problems can relate very much so back to the negative effect on people. Like @CAPS3 @CAPS4, and the obese have shown how people gain weight. I think at least @PERCENT1 of these people spend to much time on the computer and not exercising. Eating @PERSON1's then goint home to play online games will definately increase health issues like weight, organs being unhealthy, muscles not functioning properly, and eye and brain damage from starring at a mouse and screen nonstop. People should stop spending so much time on the computer and get outside or get active because computer use does have a negative effect. It interferes with social time, health, and physical activities. Get up and prevent the negative effects of computers."