"Dear local newspaper, it has came to @CAPS2 attention that many people do not agree if computers have a beneficial or bad affect on those who use them. In @CAPS2 oppinion they are not beneficial. First when on the computer people have less time to exercise. Also, computers don't always have approprate sites. Finally, people have less time to interact with family and friends. I believe for these reasons that computers have bad affects on people. Without a doubt people who spend hours on the computer everyday have less time to excersice @NUM1 in every @NUM2 young adults are obiese. This is because most teens sit inside watching @CAPS1 or going on the internet instead of being active. Some students are so addicted to computers they never go outside! I understand that computers can be helpful to do school work but, kids who never get off can have life threatening weight problems in the future. As you know many web sites that are not appropriate for teenagers are accesible to them on the computer. Parents have to constantly worry what their child/children are doing just to make sure it is not bad. If less teens used computers as often as they do they would be lifting a nof their parents shoulders. I remember reading a newspaper article about a girl named @PERSON1 on a website chatting with a ""@NUM3 year old guy who later came and found her and turned out to be @NUM4. If kids were not so addicted to the computer than they wouldnt get into these websites. many teens spend there whole day on the computer leaving no time for their family and friends. For example when a friend calls and asks @CAPS2 brother to go skateboarding he says he is busy when he is just on facebook, @CAPS2 friend once said to me ""sorry I can't go to the pool today I am going to play rollercoaster tycoon."" With this attitude toward outdoor activities I am not surprised that students wasting time on computers do not have time for family or friends. As you can see computers effect many people in a negative way. They prevent people from ecersising, expose kids to in approplate websites, and take away from valuable time with family and friends. I hope everyone agrees thet computer aren't beneficial to people."