"As you can see, technology these days is always getting more and more advanced. It seems as if there is a new invention that atracts many people to buy all the time. One electronic that has been useful in so many ways to people are the computers. Many think to much time is spent on this, but then I think about how much it's benefiting. Computers can tell you pretty much anything you need to know, @CAPS1 it's about same country, or how to solve a problem. @CAPS2, computers are so advanced were you can talk to friends who are faraway. Lastly computers is helping us giving very specific directions, rather than figuring out a map. Say you're doing a school project about a country. By typing in exactly what you need to know you can find your information in a heartbeat. @CAPS1 it's population, density, languages, foods or holidays, computers are the easiest and most simple way to get this information. Or maybe you just want to know about this country because it interested you. Maybe even you plan on visiting this country, you're going to want to know about the place you'll be spending your time. If you do plan on traveling to somewhere you've been researching, you can order your plane tickets right there online. You can figure out the routes you plan on taking, and this can help oprganize your trip. Another reason computers are benefiting so many people, is the feature of communicating with others, @CAPS1 it's taking to a faraway friend or family, or you're bestfriend a couple streets over; you probably still want to keep in touch with them. Computers are so advanced now, that they have webcams; were you can visually see the person your contacting right into the computer. This is a more exciting way to talk to someone, especially if it's someone you don't see often that @MONTH1 even live in another country, @CAPS2, most teenagers like to keep in touch pretty much every day. Usually kids like chatting on instant message just for the pleasure of talking to your friends. Finally, computers are benefiting us with knowing directions and routes. Like mentioned before, computers can give straight foward directions. This is esier to handle rather than useing a map while on the road. There are websites were all you have to do is type in your exact loocation and your exact destination and it will tell you specific roads and turns you need to take. In conclusion, those for who are worried about the ones who should be exercising, being outside, enjoying nature, should learn to expand there time doing so, and shortening time online, and learn to be on the computer, only when necessary."