"Dear @STATE1's newspaper editors I have recently read an atical that was talking about how experts are concerned that people are spending way too much time on their computers. Well I agree with them. I strongly belive that computers are tacking time away from you exercising enjoying nature and even interacting with family and friends. Well if you look at teen's this day and how more and more are becauming over weight like back in the days when their wasn't computer or internet not as much people were over weight or even obiste because they had time to go out and exercis or play sports with othes. Exercising is importent because espeshaly when as a teen you are over weight or even obiste well theis problems just don't go away this will cost you in the futer because not only do you have to chance of getting deobetice but you also have to pay for all the medications and treatments that comes with it. Experts also belives that by spending time on the computer will tack time away from enjoing the things that nature has to offer. When other might argue to it is a good thing for people to learn about the different types of place's in the world. Well I delive why do you have to just read about the places online and look of the picture why can't you be the one tacking the pictures for other to see. And why can't you be the one experincing it insted of just reading about it. Experts also believe that by spending time on the computer it is tacking away time from you being able to interacting with family members and friends. Well as a teen myself I have learned that by intercating with family and friends are vary important to our health. I am not the only person that agrees with that because study shows that kid that can talk to their perents and have good convercations with their parent have the ability to do well in school and have more respect towed others verces the the kid or teen that can't really have conversation or talk to their parents. For example if you are the type of person that talk to your family You will have good grades such as A's and @CAPS1's and will learn to have respect for other and the person that can't talk to their parents have troble concentrating or even macking troble fro themselfs and getting @CAPS2's and @CAPS3's. Well I know that as a @STATE1 newpapper editer you are a vary busy person and have lot of diffent things to do but I hope you take this in to concideration and remmember the importants of exercisin, enjoying rotune and interacting with familys and friends."