"You need to gather information for a project you're presenting in school, but how are you going to find aout about your topic quickly and easily? Most people will turn to one of the most commonly used piece of technology in the @LOCATION1, the computer. The computer is used for quick and easy research, interacting and communicating with friends and for personal entertainment. Some peol argue that the computer will take away from enjoying nature, spending time with family and friends and exercising. But what if we didn't have the computer? The possability of research, etc. Would be much more difficult. For example: computers help us learn about almost anything quickly and easily. this could help make work for school or jobs less stressful. Also, a computer can be accessed right in your name, so no travel is required. The computer has programs that are used to prepare articles, essays, slide shows and brochures for presentation, as well. If we didn't have a computer, research would be much more of a struggle and could require travel. Computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family. Websits and e-mail helps you keep intouch with anyone around the world. You can write e-mails, access live chat or even webcam. E-mailing is just like mailing a letter except it is dilivered instantly and doesn't cost anything. There is also no risk of anyone reading your mail. Live chat iswhen you chat over text on the computer. Webcam is face to face interacting which givs off the effect of talking in person: @CAPS1 benefit is that communicates over the computer doesnt cost a thing. Lastly, computers provide games for your personal entertainment, which helps kill boredom. The computer also helps improve hand-eye coordination, along with staying orginized @CAPS2, pictures, videos and more can be placed in files and saved on the computer making it easy for you to open them at @CAPS1 time. Computers @MONTH1 take away from some activities but think of how much harder and more stressful things will be without it. I think that the computer has a good effect on people as well as it being a helpful piece of technology."