"Dear local newspaper, I strongly believe that computers have a great and beneficial affect on society. They have @CAPS4 many features. options, and abilities to use! Would you really try to prevent your child, friends, and families from using such an amazing invention that helps us every day? The computer can help others communicate, help educate you, and even prepare you for the future. One great option that computers have is the option to communicate with others. You can set up an email or a chatting account to talk with friends and family. Now some people might think, ""@CAPS1 not use a phone to talk to others."" @CAPS2 these are many reasons @CAPS1 talking online can be better than using a phone. I remember one time a few years ago. Me and my cousin @PERSON2 were alone at her house when the phone wasn't working @PERSON2 went down stars to get us some sodas when I heard a crashing sound, @PERSON2 had fallen down the stairs. Because the phones wren't opperating, i hopped to the computers in her room to quickly ""chat"" with my dad and tell him what happened. From these on, my dad called on ambulance and @PERSON2 was allright. @CAPS4, not only are computers a great way to communicate, but they can also save somenes life! Another feature computers have is that they can actually educate. For example, if a stuident has to write a paper for school about the @CAPS3, then they would need to do some research. The internet explorer on your computer can open your eyes to a world of kodedge. All you have to do is go to a search engin such as @ORGANIZATION1 or @ORGANIZATION2 and type in the subject you wish to learn more about. Before you know it, there's millions upon millions of websites that can educate you on the subject you want to gain more knoledge on. @PERSON1, a high school teacher, states that ""@PERCENT1 of students in the school use the computer to help them with homework and reseacrh."" @CAPS4, there you have it, the computer's a great resource for information. One last reason computers are @CAPS4 beneficial for our society is because they can actually help you prepare for future jobs. Perhaps some day your child will get a job working in on office where they must use computers all day long. The heard of the company is not going to hire you if you are not expierenced with computers. However, if you know how to use a computer @CAPS2, then you have a great chance of getting a job that can support you and your family. Studies say now that ""@PERCENT2 of buisnesses involve using a computer"" Computers are becoming a bigger part of society by the second, it's important start learning more about them as soon as possible! I think now it's very clear how important computers are in our society. They help increase communication, a great source for knoledge, and bhelp prepare you for jobs. With each passing day, computers help advance the future and help make the world a better place."