"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 experts are concerned about today's population's computer usage. With this I agre, as many children and adults are counted and labeled as obese, or overweigt. Technology has advanced as enough to having machines do everyday tasks, proving how lazy some @CAPS3 are now-a-days. People sit at home standing at a computer screen, forgetting about spending time exercising, enjoying nature, or being out and having fun with friends and family. Having a computer clearly interferes with one's @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in real @CAPS5, not the ""@CAPS4 @CAPS5"" of chatting with others over internet. Having applications released that connect people over the computer devastates the reason to leave your house. Now with video, you virtually meet the other person, showing how lonely and individually separate you can of from others. While your friends are having a party. You'll be absent, as I'm sure they won't have a webcame there. Another reason why a computer is not needed is many people neglect pure nature. When surrounded by new digital age. The beauty of the outdoors become forgotten. Sure you can watch videos, and look at pictures of nature, but is that really anything compared to the crisp, clean aid against your hair or the once in a lifetime animal actions you @MONTH1 see? Plus, nature and the fact of being outside @MONTH1 inspire you to continue a diet, or begin one, seeing how healthy and perfect the outdoor can be. It also serves as a great place to exercise. As we all know, obesity is a factor in the @LOCATION1 and around the world. But now, being oevrweight is at an all time high, claiming lives and causing many into depression. in my opinion, I believe this is highly realted to computer usage. Especially with fast food playing a role. People have not realized the need to exercise more often. In conclusion, you can see how computer usage has affected us as a nation, and in a negative way. Computer using @MONTH1 be ""ok"" when used in moderation, like sweets or oily foods. it does serve as a way to pass time, for a while, but so does exercise... Which one would you think would end as a believe solution? Obviously, we must stop relying on technology to help, and begin activities ourselves again."