"Dear local Newspaper, To my understanding computers have been putting a bad effect on people of all ages. In my opinion staying on the computer all day can cause you to miss out on outdoor activities. Also if you sit on a chair all day, honestly what will happen to you? You will become less active. In past experiences I have learned that if you get interested in computer game it will come very addicting. Computer put negative affects on people of all and I think we should stop and think about what we are doing. Most likely if you stay on the computer all day you will indeed on activities such as sports. @CAPS2 example @PERCENT1 of americans play soccer. In the beatiful fall when the leaves are beatifully changing you will miss out on playing soccer and the beaty of the leaves because of the computer you can't get your eyes off of. Another breathtaking adventure that you @MONTH1 miss out on is hiking. Hiking can be amazing when you get to the top and you see on the houses that have people like you (cach potatoes) sitting inside on the computer. Simple activities can be lost because of an addicting game you call fun. The computer is like a cause and effect. You @MONTH1 think you just playing farm town or chating on facebook, but in feture you will be missing out on the beauty of nature and sports. To connect @CAPS1's with missing out on sports because of the computer that will cause you to become over weight. A recent study showed that @PERCENT2 of children are obeased because of computer games. You @MONTH1 be thinking how, but I have a friend named named, @PERSON1 and he used to love to play out side and play sports until came out @CAPS2 the computer. Now he way @NUM1 pounds and he is only @NUM2. Honestly sitting in a chair all day will cause you to not be active and gain weight. Do you want this to happen to you? Help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others. Lastly playing on the compter or chatting with friends on @ORGANIZATION1 can cause you to @CAPS2 example if your talking to your girlfriend in spain who is there @CAPS2 callage I garentee your going to put off school work, @CAPS3 and other @CAPS4 that need to be done. In the end it will end up being time @CAPS2 bed and you got nothing done weather it was because you were trying to get to level @NUM3 or talking with your girlfriend you will have nothing accomplished. If your not yet a resent scientific study reported that six hours on the computer per day @CAPS2 one week can @CAPS5 your vision from a @NUM4 @NUM4 to @NUM6 @NUM6. If you keep it up now it @MONTH1 not seem bad but @NUM8 hours looking at the computer can kill your eyes. Would you rather be blind or not use the computer because or what could happen? All in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports. Also it leads to being overweight sense your not getting active. Finally the computer is bad @CAPS2 your eyes and can cause you to procastonate. Help me help yourself avoid all of these bad effects caused from the computer."