"Computers are very important, I dont know anyone who does not need one. But some people say that it distracts you from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friend. Do I agree? No I disagree with this situation because computers are a modern day tech that people use. They say it distracts you from interacting with family and friends but a computer is the number one way to talk to long distance friends and family, @CAPS1 without a computer how will those people who work for a business work, and last we always need a computer for research. A computer grabs attention to a lot of teenager. Most of the sites we use due to interacting with family and friends. The two main sites people use is myspace and facebook everyone must know these two sites nine out of ten people use it to interact just think if we did not have a computer we would not be able to interact with our long distance friends and family. My aunt has a facebook and her friends live in @CAPS2 she interacts with them all the time they @CAPS1 have phones but comp. have webcames so you can see the person too. Business people need computer a lot of course mobile computers thats why they have laptops. But as I was saying what will people do with out a computer for work they have your schedules, your notification your boss sent out and much more on the weeks most people work and the weekends we can go visit our family membere there are mosly days in a week and a job pay of course you need a computer. Google is the number one searching website we have. If you want to know what time a movie starts most likely you will go to search on the computer, if you have a research paper due of course you will use the computer. We need the computer for everything if I were to ask my dad what the square root of pie is he would tell me google it. This is one of the main thin people do when they us a computer to research. So if you! Yeah I said you think a comp. is a waist of breath think again because it helps you to communicate with your friends. A lot of business people need it to work and last it is a good research engine. But here is a little advice dont spend all!! Day on the computer pick up your walking shoes to get some fresh air you have all day on the computer just go out and enjoy your self in any way possible."