"Dear Local Newspaper, I don't know if I am understanding correctly but are you honestly thinking about not advancing technology? Quickly rethink that because that @MONTH1 just be the worst mistake you could ever make computers can tech hand-ey coordination, they can also give you very useful knowledge. Lastly, computers help us stay close to our family and friends. Fisrt off, about @PERCENT1 of people say that they use the computer every day so that they can increase their knowledge. This could ba as simple as going on @ORGANIZATION1! and discovering the latest news. This is ten times easier that going on the @CAPS1 and waiting for the news stone you want details on. I took a survey and @NUM1 students say that they use thier computer every night so that they can read more into thier social studies or science unit, @CAPS2 computer advances away is like @CAPS2 learning advances away, now is that what you want? Second, @PERSON1, chrildrens doctor states, ""Computers give children that hand-eye coordination they need to enhance in sports"" I agree! Sports such as baseball, soccser, and basketball all need a great deal of hand-eye coordination. Without the hand-eye coordination, students will not do well and end up quiting. I know that if I was having trouble with sports for a long time, I would give up! If the teens gave up sports then they would't have anyining to keep them fit one! that would lead to hundred of kids with on obesity problem. Lastly, @CAPS2 away the advancing in computers maens that you are @CAPS2 away family and friends connectionds. Computers offer many sites such as facebook or myspace o connect with loved ones. You can also go on @CAPS3 or sype to chat or video chat with them. Yes, maybe computers are @CAPS2 away time with family but what about @CAPS4 or @CAPS5 in @LOCATION1 that you have at to in over a year? Don't you want some time them too? You can make time limts for yourself so that you don't spend your whole time on the computer. This way you can took to all of your loved ones would you want to be the one crushing the oceans of a child that wants to talk/ see his grandparents? In conclusion, I remember talking and laughing with my friends over the computer when @CAPS6 sick so that @CAPS7 could cheer me up. Dont take that away from me! Keep enhancing computers so that I can advance my knowledge, increase my hand-eye coordination and get to see my far friends and family."