"More and more people are using computers on a daily basis, but I do not agree that this benefits our society. People are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising and healthy. Also people using computers are spending less time with family and friends. As people use computers more they are spending less time excersising and staying healthy. Profesor @PERSON1 has done a study showing that people who are on the computer for more than @NUM1 hrs a day are overweight and do not excersise regularly. He goes on the state that if these habits continue throughout their lives they will become obeast and are more likely to die from a heart attack before age @NUM2. I have experienced changes in my communities health due to computers as well, last year I had a friend who weighed @NUM3 lbs and exercised regularly but when he got a computer that folowing year he stopped exercising and gamed over @NUM4 lbs he now is much slower and can not do more than push ups. I do not agree that computers are benefiting our society because as people use computers more they exercise less causing them to be unhealthy. Not only do computers less on unhealthy life style, it also causes spend less time with family and friends. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of children that their our computer spend less time with their family and more time on the computer. This @MONTH1 not seem like a thing at but this study also shows that @PERCENT2 children who spend less time with their familieis grow up to become lonely and kill themselves due to depresion. I remember when a new came to our school from he wasn't that kid and didn't many friends he was still doing just fun but when he came back the next year started and I found out he had at the end of he school and keep in touch with an of his friend and to his parents. So far that week of from the rest of the students and don't much. Then the we got back the @DATE1 he wasn't at school and for the rest of the week he didn't show up either and finaly on @DATE2 and teachers told us he ran away from and has still not been found. So people that use computers are spending less time with their family and friends which can cause them to become depressed and lonely. More and more people are using computers daily basis, but I do not agree that this is benefiting our society. People are spending to much in their computers and are spending less time excersising and staying healthy. Also people using computers are spending less time with their family and friends. I know that the more people using computers is not better for our society it is worse."