"Wouldn't you say that having a computer in your house is helpful? It provides useful information to everyone. It can be used for personal use, such as for talking to friends. If there is a child in the house they might have to search something up on the internet for school. If you need directions to a place or you want to find out more about a specific person, a computer can help you. If you have a child who likes to run up the phone bill because they like to talk to their friends just tell them to use a computer! These are so many ways communication can be made through a computer such as @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 @CAPS5, @CAPS6, and even email! If you need to make quick plans maybe for a movie with a couple of friends just send them an email or a message on @CAPS2. Now, an @CAPS1 you can text people right from your computer! If you're afraid someone might not get the email in time, just enter their cell phone number on @CAPS1 and a text. It's free too! Now that our world has become more technologically advanced schools often tend to tell students to look something up on a computer or maybe to do a homework assignment posted on their webpage. If a child does not have a computer at home this will. Make it hard for them to do their homework. Also, if a perent decides to start a business from have a computer would be required to cant up profits and to talk with customers. A computer can also make signs for a business or business cards. Need directions to a restaurant? Or maybe a local gym? A computer can help you find directions to almost @CAPS10 plan on earth. @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS11 is a reliable website to get directions. You can also learn about specific people if you type in their name in @ORGANIZATION1. If you need someone phone number but don't have a phone book you can use @CAPS12 pages to help you. So, now I hope you can see that computers effect people in a positive way. They help you keep in touch with friends and save you money. They help students learn more and could possibly help you start your own business from your home. If you need directions or help finding a phone number, a computer can help in multiple ways. Having a computer could make you have draw perspective of everything."