"I walked into my living room one night and saw my mom on the computer. I thought to myself ""she is always on that computer, doesn't she work to do?"". I said to my mom ""I think we should have an hour two of the computer each night, or not have one at all."" I told her that I think computers are a bad choice because you don't know who is on the internet and is trying to talk to you. Also, it gets in the way of exercising and spending time with family and friends. The internet/computers are very dangerous now a days. You never know if someone is a friend or a predator trying to get you. Say if you were talking to someone and you thought it was your friend, well you don't know for sure if it is then or not. I could be an older man or women trying to get a hold of you so they can probably kidnap you. Steal from you and worse. Now I watch the news and see many kidnapping because kids are talking to people on the internet and don't know who they are or what they look like. Like, when a girl was talking to a man and she thought it was her friend, turns out it wasn't and she got in a whole lot trouble. Maybe if she met him she would have gotten very hurt and be scared of that memory for the rest of her life. Family is very important to most families now a days. I have heard that spending time with family would bring your grades up in school because as you talk to them, you learn new things. Sadly this is not happening because people are so isolated to their computers they don't spend one minute with family or friends. I have a friend who is always on the computer. She never spends time with her family or friends. She is so focused on the computer screen then what is going on around her. Recently she has been getting off the computer and making more time with family and friends. Even her grades started going up because she spending more time studying with her mom and dad, then being on.... for example @CAPS1 or myspace and not getting any work done for school. In other words, she is very happy in life now and has changed from this experience she has gone through. Most people think you can use your brain for knowledge and call it exercise. That is one way to put it but it is not exercise for your body. People have spent more time having their eyes glue to the computer screen that they don't go out and play or maybe go a gym. The rate of obecity in our country is increasing for many reasons and lack of exercise is one of them because people spend to much time watching tv and being on the computer. I have a little cousin who is over weight and should be out playing sports and exercising. But does she, ""no""... She spends her free time on the computer in a stuffy room, instead of getting fresh air from outside. She keeps asking me how did I get and what age, and I keep telling her, I exercise and play sports so I can't tell you when. I keep saying that to her but she never listens. To this day she is still the same because she didn't take my advice to get off the computer and go outside to play. I strongly agree that we should have only two hours of the computer each night or have no computers at all. For kids saftey from bad people out there in the world, spending time with family and friends and finally for exercise and to stay fit with our bodies. I hope people understand what I say and take action to persue them in they own life and convice others too."