"Dear Newspaper people, @CAPS1 you might heard on the @ORGANIZATION1 new, more and more people thing computers are the benefits of society. I personally agree with them. I think that theyare making people missing out of new things, missing out of meeting new people, and looking out on exercize. Time flys by fast. Things can fly over your head and you might not notice them. Have you ever ben on a computer for an hour. It might have felt you were on for @NUM1 minets. Many people ben on it for a hole day. You could of missed a year of stuff. New things like the new ipod nano with camra be invend and you would of not known. Also, the ipod. You could down load books andd read them on there. There also new things to try like jumping art of a plain or bungy jumpimg. You could be going to new place around the world. Traveling to @LOCATION1, @LOCATION2 or even under water. Even going to @LOCATION2 and having a melting, warm, right of the oven tayst cheese pizza. My mouth is grulling for just thinking about it. How many people do you know. What about on facebook or myspace. @CAPS3 not you should go to the park. Meet some people. Just going to a family house, you can be interacting. Everyone should be interacting with someone. Even two year olds need to interact with other two year olds. Thats they learn how to share @CAPS2, your not two anymore but its good to know someone. Learning how others think too. You @MONTH1 think your way in good and the other erson way is not. Thats called interacting talking about it. @CAPS1 you might see on news how many familys have someone in the familys having weight problems. Meny shows like biggest losers @CAPS3 it chanels are trying to help these people lose weight. But what cams this? It could be not eating right, or not excresing right. But the problem could do with computers. Many people are spending @NUM2 mins on the computer, than @NUM3 excersising. Just a quick walk around the lock can make you lose at leat @NUM4 callories. Other might rather stay on the computer and gain @NUM4 callories. And some deaths are around by a heart attack. This @MONTH1 caused by plack billed up or weight going. In sted of reaching for an apple many americans reach for that foods. I think we should still use computers but cut down the rtimes we use it and exercise and eat more. You might think after reading this letter. Thinking people wont lisen about excersing and meeting new people or palces. But, the one thing we can do is to at least insire one person. That person can inspire another person. This can go on and on. Little by little we can help people what they can do with out using an computer."