"School, family, and sports is @CAPS5 my always tells me. Kids now a days live on the computer. @PERCENT1 of students get out of school and go straight to the computer. Students should spend more time with their families, they should exercise more, and lastly focus more on their grades in school. My initial reason why I agree is because most kids never spend time with their families. All kids like to came home and sit on the computer all day. This is terrible because kids never get to spend time with family and do not show appreciation for @CAPS5 their parents do for them. For example I just want to ask young kids do they thank their parents everyday? The reason I want to ask that is because they should be doing that everyday. In addition my second reason on why I agree is because students need to put more time and effort into school. Kids need to stop spending hours on facebook, @CAPS1, and @CAPS2. Instead of going on those websites they should be on a website such as @ORGANIZATION1 do research. @PERCENT2 of students that go to school either have facebook, @CAPS1, and @CAPS2. For example everyday I walk the halls I over hear students talking about @CAPS5 happen of the computer @TIME1. It's ridiculous how many student do not complet their homework and hand it in late. Lastly my third and final reason on why I agree is because student absolutely do not exercise. A famous baseball player once said ""you don not have to be strong, but you have to be fit and athletic."" @CAPS5 this meant was that you had to be in shape. @PERCENT3 of students are not at their weight they should be at because they are obeast and do not exercise. The only exercise students get now a days is their @CAPS6.E. class. Even then students get tired quick and get out of breathe because they are lazy and always on the computer. They need to get off the computer and do push ups, sit ups, and just exercise. For example everyday I get out of school I do my homework and I go run a mile. To add on to the students need to pass there @CAPS6.E. class. In conclusion students should not spend so many hours on the computer and spend time with their family, as well as focusing on their school grades, and lastly they need to get off the computer and exercise more and stay healthy!"