"Dear The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, Computers do not benefit society. They make people antisocial, unhealthy, and do bad things. The internet is very addictive. I use to spend three hours online everyday. I did not get any exersice at all. Also, I was incouraged to eat unhealthy snacks while online. This made me very unhealthy I gained nine pounds in one week. Now, I have dietbeaties. I can't enjoy things like sweets or running. I will probably have arthritus in my hands when I'm older because I spent hours typing away. I used the computer in the dark so now I need contacts. Using the computer is one of the most unhealthy choices ever. II spent so much time on the computer i wasn't able to socialized. I missed out on alot of activities with my friends and family because I was so busy online. I barely talked to anyone unless it was through email. I lost alot of friends and close family members. My pets died because I didn't take care of them. I didn't really want to do anything but go on the net. I messed up on colledge and job interviews. To this day I have no social life and no job because I spent more time socializing with the computer than people. Computers ruined my life. Computers incourage very bad things. Not just unhealthy choices and antisocial behavior they uncourage things against the law. Alot of drugs and weapons are bought online. People kill others or themselves because people gossiped about them online. People don't care for nature and destroy it. People steal so they can buy extra technology. Alot of car robbers happen because someone left technology in there. People gamble through online poker. People hack bank acounts through the computer. Prostitution happens because of online chats. Thier are sex affenders that go online posing as people that want a date when they are rapists. Terrorists can communicate by the internet. Computers are a menace to society. They turn people into low life scums and criminals. Computers should disposed of before they cause the end of the world."