"Dear editor, I hear you are looking for your citizens opinion in if computers are bad or good. @CAPS1 opinion is computers are bad. I think computers are bad in three ways and I want to express them to your and hopefully persuade you into going towards @CAPS1 side. Smell nice out to day. I can smell flowers, the grass, and many more, @CAPS1 first reason why computers are bad is if you use the computer to much you don't see enough of enjoying nature. Nature is beautiful, it has @CAPS2, green grass, rainbows (sometimes). You can make a walk of in the moons and just be yourself and be by yourself. In other words nature is very nice and you should set out and enjoy it. If you don't enjoy nature it might be no late, because soon it become and rainy and then, yes fem has flabberlasting colors, but what comes after fall, winter. Winter is not nice, it is cold. You work, because you need to shovel the drive way and your car off and that can get very tire some. The goof of is you can get those chorse. Oh not that make me to. @CAPS1 next reason why computers are bad. When was a good smile run. @CAPS1 next reason why I think computers are bad is spend all working and no time exersing. Excersing is a very fun thing to do, you fel to go outside. Hang with friends, any many shore. Exercise is a main way of staying healthy. don't you can really get unhealthy, and sick and his dies, die i have a friend whom nothing use. The computer his body rest weaker and weaker so exercise ias am main piece of staing healthy. there are many ways to health you can bike, run, walk, rog canate, climb a mountain, etc. The posibilitys are endless while exercesing in the park you never knew you can meet. car's fast say your friend, ""yo sup man,"" ""not, you"" ""not much, just fiding around for some exercise"" ""same here, same here"" see you never know who you can meet in the park now that was @CAPS1 friend. he is alwasys here, out how as you think, yep in the same park. I wouldn't have met him if i was insine on the computer. Like i said be what was @CAPS1 friend. But since I come here every day i can meet a new friend every day maybe. So @CAPS1 last reason why I think the computer is bad is because you don't get enough interacting time with friends and family. I love @CAPS1 family but I interact with them. If they are exercising who if i am here on the computer. no one can. In conclusion I think the computer are bad because you can not get enought time exercising, enjoying nature, and spending @CAPS3 time with family and friends."