"Dear @CAPS1, Computers have been an incredible help to many people as they advance in knowlege. But, many people do not think about the negative affects of computers. Computers make research easier to find, and they organize data well and quickly. Computers make comunication easy, but there are many negative affects as well as positive. Chat rooms on computers are a great way to communicate quickly, but they can also be dangerous. More and more kids are spending time on computers, rather than outside excersising and communicating with friends and family. Chat rooms are commonly used by kids as well as adults. Kids use them to talk with friends, make plans, and catch up relatives. But kids aren't the only people that use chat rooms. Adults use them too. Some for good, others for bad. Adults sometimes have chats for their work to talk with their fellow workers. They can communicate easily what has been done and what needs to be done at the office such as what bills have been paid. This is a good way for workers to know whats going on outside of the office. There, are many other useful advantages of computers. Some other advantages of computers are the computers functions. Computers are good for finding information quickly. Computers are useful to find information for school projects. Computers can also take that information, and organize it on graphs, and computer programs such as microsoft powerpoint. Other pluses about computers, are that they can teach hand-eye coordination. Typing can help majority with this. Typing is also another advantage. If people don't have great pendmanship, they can use a computer to type essays, homework, and school projects. This makes reading the assignment easier for the student as well as the teacher. There are many advantages to computer, but there are also disadvantages. More and more kids are spending is their free time on the computer, instead of ouside exercising. This is causing kids to become less active. Being in a chat room all day is also a disadvantage. Kids today are using a new language in chat rooms as well as texting. They are using abrevations for words and phrases, such as ""idk"" for ""i dont know"". This language is damaging how kids read and write. Although chat rooms on computer can be useful, they can do also be dangerous. Kids as well as adults go into chatrooms and talk to other people, saying invalid information about themselves. Such as age. Some adults go into chat rooms and pretend to be a teenager. They talk to kids until they find out something like an address, phone number, school, and district. Once they got information like that, they can find out many other things about kids. this is extremely dangerous and unfortunately, it does, and has happened. As you can see there are many advantages as well as disadvantages. I believe, if people can find a balance between them, people will agree more about computers. In my opinion computers are handy, but dangerous. If kids are more careful online, and spend more time outside than on the computer, there would be less controversy. Parents would be less concerned about their childs safety and health if kids only used computers for homework, and were safe about who they talk to online. Also, what kids say in profiles. If all of this happened, there would be a balance, and I think people would be less drasticly over a period of time, and people would be more comfortable."