"Dear Local Newspaper, Are you spending all your precious time on a computer? On the computer your probably wasting every second searching or playing games. You shoudn't spend alot of time on the computer it will just wash away your brain. You shoudn't go on computers for a long time because instead you should be exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with people. First of all, spending too much time on the computer is not good for you because you should be out exercising. On computers you can't jog the fat you gain by eating food. By jogging instead of going on the computer you can lose weight and see the real world than the world behind the computer screen. Nevertheless computers are fun to go on like playing addicting games. but isn't it better to play a real sport like soccer. In soccer you have to use your mind and alot so it is much better than sitting or laying around dazed at a computer screen for a long period of time. Don't you love playing outdoor games! Like playing tag or hiding go seek isn't that more fun than playing an addicting game on the computer screen? For me I think it is. That is my reasons I think you should exercise then stare at the computer screen. Secondly, you shouldn't be on the computer for a long amount of time because you should instead be enjoying nature. Nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer. Yeah I know computers offer alot but do they offer the fresh air outside, the warm breeze land living animals the earth. I don't think so and neither should you. Instead of going on your computer when it is raining not you should play with your pets and if you don't have any put a raincoat umbrella and go outside. Especially in the @DATE1 you should be outside enjoying nature go for a swim or bring your annoying little siblings to the park. There is more to often in use than going on the computer. More importantly, you shouldn't go on the computer because you are better off. Interacting with living people in person. On the computer talking to people you are going no where on the computer chatting with people it is impossible to read someones expression. So get off the computer and hang with your family and friends. Get into a fun conversation or debate. Make new friends when your at the mall or discovering a new trail in a park. Do anything but interact on the computer when all you see is typed words writing back to you. Get your self out in the world don't just interact with people but the world not the computer screen. In conclusion you shouldn't spend most of your precious time on the computer. It isn't nessasary for you to spend all your time on the computer when you could be exrcising, enjoying nature and interacting with people. I strongly beleive people should be outside than on a computer. So what are you waiting for get off that computer and take a hike!"