"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 studies have been conducted over the past few years, and they show that people of all ages spend @PERCENT1 of their free time on the computers. This is becoming a problem all over our state and country. Computers are consuming the lives of everyone. An anonymous source claims that they use their computer to contact old friends. A study shows that phone usage has gone down because adults and teens would prefer to email or instant message a friend. This results in sitting in front of a computer screen waiting for a responce. @PERSON1, a student at @ORGANIZATION2 says, I go on the computer once or twice a week. i dont use it all that much because I'd rather be out having fun with all my friends rather than be holed up in a room by myself."" @CAPS2 people believe it is a way to be more social, but it really isn't. It's just sitting in front of a screen talking to people you @MONTH1 not even know too well. When you sit down in your computer chair and start e-mailing away, you aren't doing any physical exercise. The @CAPS2 movement people will normally do is get up and go to the bathroom. Then they are right back in a chair, making minimal movements. @PERCENT2 of people who sit in front of a computer end up obese because they don't burn any calories. Since they don't relesase many endorphins, so they aren't very happy. If they got up and went outdoors to do physical exercise, they would be fit and happy . Often, teenagers feel more powerful when they are using a computer. They find it easier to disobey rules their parents set for them. Teens also find it easier to bully other children via the internet or social networks. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students at @ORGANIZATION2 middle @ORGANIZATION2 confess to being the target of malicious bullying online. @NUM3 out of @NUM2 confess to be bullied, and they definitely don't want to be bullied on facebook or myspace where everything is out on your profile for your peers to see. Teens should have limited time on the computer, so they don't do anything they will regret in their future. Therefore, adults and teens should be aware that using a computer is fine, but they shouldn't over use the luxury of a way to find information quickly or contact a friend in a foreign country. This generation needs to be reminded that their whole life shouldn't be spent on the computer. Probably less than @NUM5 minutes a day should be spent checking your e-mail or instant messaging a friend. Then you should go outdoors and spend time with your friends and family."""