"Dear local news paper, Computers are powerful machines in our world. Most people east, sleep, and drink computer. Thats when those people are forty and live with there mom, for the most part of computer are used by teenagers and buiness workers. Computers are a tool that need to be used in an everyday life. We all know and remembe when we were ""sick"" just so we could go to the office with mom or dad to draw pictures and spin in the office chairs. Well while we were busy playing mom and dad were busy as well. They talked to their boss, made copies, had meetings drank coffee, and most of all they spent half of the day doing work on the computer. It could of been making spread sheet, designing logos, editing someones or getting new clients. About ninety percent of the workers use the computer to do their jobs. they need to be senting work to other companies over sea's or just down one float. Computers need to be used to do most jobs in @LOCATION1. Also the computers in today's time are beautiful because they have the internet. The internet allows use to talk to people around the world and look things up like the news, the close bridle shop, the biggest shopping mall, biggest race car tract near you and pizza placer near you. The inernet can let you do many things. I know that hear in granby you have to but the newspaper, but instead of but the paper you can just go on you computer and chechk the news. Look up the weather, the celebrity gossip, and where the plance crashed that you mom told you about. The computer can give you great information but only if you know how to use it. One thing that I find great is that you can watch tv. and movies right from your computer. Then you don't need to buy all those high priced chanles to watch movies. You can see you favorite shows and moves. A big thing is that teenagers span a majority of there time on facebook, twitter or myspace. Some of the advantages you get from these online sites is that you can chat with an old friend and show them a picture of you and your family. You can let people know what you are doing or tell them you sad because your dog died. You just can use the internet for just about anything. Lastly something you can do is buy music on the computers. You don't need to go out and spend @MONEY1 on an album, you can now just buy a single song for a dollar. You can buy many things on the internet the clothes on food. Thats why the computer"