"@ORGANIZATION1, I believe that we should tell the people of @LOCATION1 about the dangers of using computers too much. For example people who use the computer constently spend less time doing anything else in general. Also the longer you stay on the more you use it, and this habit forms a addiction, which might be hard to break. Finally people who always play video games on computers begin to lose terms of reality. Computers are turning this nation into a bunch of mindless slothes. If you have children, what do you think they do most of their lives. Maybe their going outside and getting exercise, or their brains could be getting sucked into a computer screen. Most kids by the age of @NUM1 have already used a computer for over @NUM2 hour. This shows that kids spend more time using the computer then anything else. I had a friend named @CAPS1 who used the computer @NUM3 and eventually he was so weak and scrawny from lack of exercise that you could snap his arm like a twig. Please, if you don't want your kids to be like @CAPS1, tell them to get up and go play outside. You probably think that using your computer everyday couldn't form an addiction, but computers can be as addictive as drugs. Scientest have found that using the computer everyday for one hour can be enough to form a addiction. In fact if we could scan people to find addiction @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION2 population would be addicted to computers. This means that @NUM4 years from now the world addiction to computers could be at @PERCENT2 or greater. Do you want to live in a world where almost everyone uses their computers @NUM3, I don't. Video games are one of the greatest advances in computer technology but also one of the deadliest. If you have a computer you will have video games. Small dosages can be fine, but non-stop playing can lead to serious problems. Because of the fantesy content people might start to lose sight of reality. For example, scientest tested a video game on kids, and now @PERCENT1 believe in zombies. Now they cannot ever play the game for it might cause serious brain damage. Just to make sure you get my point, let us recap. More computer means lack of exercise and social interaction, you can easily be addicted, and you can lose your sense of realness. I that you don't want to see you or your kids brillant brains turned to mush by computers."