"Computers are a nice item to have but they are bad if you don't know how to control your time. Many people @CAPS3 days don’t get enough exercise and the lack of healthy people is costing the @CAPS1 tax payers millions. Also, people aren't enjoying life as much as they would if they didn't use a computers all of the time and thier are many people who have completely cut themselves off frfom their families and friends. I am positive that when you are done reading this you will be, one hundred percent pursuaded that the effects computers have on people are bad. To begin with, many people spend to much time on a computer instead of being outside or execising. This effect on people is something we need to start controlling because many people are very overweight and do not exercise enough to be healthy. Because so many are at an weight it is costing tax payers millions. For example, @CAPS2 @PERSON1 talking about healthcare, and anc easy sollution to cut the cost down is to have people exercise. More ofen in order to stay healthy. As technology to affect our lives, we used to remember that being healthy is more important than sitting on a computer all day. In addition to people not people dont enjoy life as much, You only live once and life is special, so why sitting all day? I many anymore because they spend all of there @CAPS3 are so many things to do in life that will bring you enjoyment than playing on the a computers. need to be and I can tell you that you life will not being you in enjoyable luife. Lastly, computers have made a lot of people when people got to Too many people a major view when it comes to family and friends. Although computers are an easy way to communicate to people, they should not be the anly thing you use to talk to friends and family. So as you can see, computers are causing us to lead on-healthy lives because our priorities on health are why to low. They also keep you from enjoying life, to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when not controlled. I am positive that I have pursuaded you not to spend so much time on a computer. So next time you are using a computers, think of all the things you are missing out in life!"