"I think using the computer is great. You should heed my advice, people should be useing computers. Computers are an exelent way to comunicate. People can connect with others from all over the world. My dad moved to brazil so we have ben communicating via, @CAPS1-mail, @CAPS2, and even facebook. It’s the easyest and cheapest way to comunicate. If I call someone from a different country it would cost me way more but if I send them an @CAPS1-mail it’s cheaper. Studys from the university of @LOCATION1 show that @PERCENT1 people think its easyer and to use a computer to comunicate. More over you can do it instantly so it gets the information anywhere in milliseconds. Computers are indeed the best way to comunicate. Another thing computers are used I for as learning. Many people from around the world have learned diffrent languages from wed sites or programs that have great instruction and lessons. I learned to play guitar with maney programs and online lessons. Maney people depend on computers to get information and learn about things. My mom is a secretary at an inseurens broker companey. Without computers the coustemers couldn’t learn about the diffren policeys that there are and they misth be spending more money then needed on insearence. With out computer scientests couldn’t do much reasarch or learn about plants or rocks. Computers make it easyer for them to study and learn about @LOCATION2 and everything. Doctors wouldn’t be adel to do half of the thing they can with out a computer. They learn about diffrent sicknesses and broken bones by useing computers. @PERSON2 said she couldn’t be able to help out as many people with out the use and help of a computer she states that she learned @PERCENT2 of what she knows from websites that have in formation about the humin body. Even teachers say that they set better teaching skills from web sites. Builder and modern desiner @PERSON1 says he learned about different building designes that are sturdyer and stronge shapse he used this in his building today. I hope that you can how see how great computer are and how much they help our present day citizens."