"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people use computers more? No they @CAPS2 not use computers more. Computers have many benefits to society but it also have many negitive effects on people who use them. People are spending more time on computers and less than exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. First, people spend less time exercising. Most athletes have to stay fit and healthy to play in there sport. I am a wrestler and a baseball player but if I don't spend some time a day working out or staying active. I will be out of shape and weaker once my match or next game come along. I'm sure olympic athletes work out and stay active daily so they can be stronger and faster than anybody else out there so I don't know why people sit at home on the computer all day. Second, people don't take the time to enjoy nature. Nature is one of the most beautiful things on this planet. Wether you hiking a mountain of a lake, nature is all around you. I personaly love to hunt and fish. I take the time every sumer, @DATE1, fall,and sometimes winter to go out, enjoy nature, and have fun, and so do many other people in the world. Everyone who sits at home on the computer can't enjoy this gift that we have been given. Third, people won't take the time to with family or friends. If you the computer all day ther you can't go out and be active with your friends, or go for a bike ride with you brother. If you are on the computer you on family friend time that could be being used as a fishing trip or a walk in the woods. If you don't spend time with your family because of something you're doing on the computer, then you just a person. You won't valueable thing that you have in life you r family and you @CAPS2 always be able to make time them. Finally, @CAPS2 people use computers more? No, they @CAPS2 not use computers more. Computers take time away from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. There are good things about computers, but the less time you spend on them, the better it is for everyone."