"Computers effect a lot of people. I fully support the advances in technology. I support this because computers can let you talk to people that are faraway from you. Computers also teach hand-eye coordination. In addition, computers let you learn about countrys all over the word. Rapping it all up, electronics should keep advancing. Say your bestfriend moved to @LOCATION4. You won't see her but you can talk to her on the computer. Now in day there are a lot of websites that you can chat off at or you can also do a webcam chat like ovoo. For example, in seventh grade I moved from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2. I was so upset about leaving my old friends. Turns out I was fine. I just made more friends when I moved. I would make plans with my friends over facebook chating. Consequently, computers help a lot you keep in touch with friends all over the world. Computers build up your skills for everything. Hand-eye coordination is the biggest skill that computers teach anyone. When your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard. This is an example of hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is very helpful in sports. In basketball you should dribble and look ahead. Kinda like typing. As one can see computers help with hand-eye coordination. Google gives you answers to anything. If you have research to do most people use google and google is found on the computer. You can learn about @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4 you name it you can type it in google, and you can learn everything about that country. For example, last year everyone had to pick a state and learn certain things about it. Most people used computers. Computers really are the best electronic in the world. There are many electronics that effect people. But, computers effect people the most. Computers let you talk to family and friends around the world. Also, computer teach you hand-eye coordination skills. Lastly, computer teach you about many countrys. In conclusion, computers should be advanced."