"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a humongous positive effect on people. I support advances in technology. It's @DATE1; we shouldn't be finsing information in books or writing everything by hand anymore. Life has gotten easier for everyone. Everyone can use the computer for communication with friends or family. We are able to learn things quicker by using computers. Working citizens use computers to help them with important jobs! Everything is done on computers! Computers serve as a great source of communication. Having a @CAPS1, @CAPS2, or @CAPS3 account allows you to chat with people all over the world. It's much easier to talk to someone online for long periods of time because you won't have to pay for phane minutes! Even @CAPS4 chats are avaibale for computer users. Having a @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS5 allows you to do a video chat with someone. It makes you feel like thay are actually there in the room with you. If you have a close friend who moved across the country, then these ways to communicate would be very helpful to you! You cant have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need computers! Computers have made our generation very intelligent. We can easily look up facts about anything on the computer. Now, if there's something we're curious about, we can just look it up on google. In the past, we wouldn't feel like looking in a book so we waid forget about it. Kids could get help with homework online if they are too shy to ask another person. At this point in time, we could even take online college courses! Being able to go to college at home can really come in handy in some people. Computers help us with our education. Adults who go to work everyday really need to use computers! people working in the medicine field, use computers to keep track of all their patients. Now @CAPS6 use computers to organize lesson plans and print out reminders for their students. Scientists use computers to do research on things for their ecperiments. Engineers use programs on the computers to help design what they are going to build. Computers wvwn allow you ti advertise your small business or company to the whole entire world. Computers have a really positive effect on jobs in our society, which is a good thing for our economy! Computers benifit us physically, mentally, and socially. Certain computer games can improve our hand eye cordination. We can learn about many things from computers! They really make us more intelligent! Computers give us a way to communicate with long distance friends and family. Websites like @CAPS7-@CAPS8 even give adulsts a chance to find their soulmate online! The positive effects of computers on people are infinite, but we need to learn not to take them for granted."