"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The age of the computer is upon us. Every where you go, you will see people with laptops or other portable computer devices. While some people dislike the world's large usage of the computer, I happen to disagree, I feel that the computer is a great @CAPS5 to put out and find information. I also feel that it is good @CAPS5 for people to communicate with ther family and friends who live far away. Lastly, I think that computers provide us with fun activities, entertainment, and a @CAPS5 to relax. What do you do when you want to know what the capital of @LOCATION3 is? You either go break out the old atlas, or, with a simple click of a button on the computer, discover that the capital is @LOCATION4. My point is that with computers, finding information is fast and easy. Also, with computers you can share information as well as receive it. Lets say that you are not a doctor but have discovered a cure for the common cold by using iteams find in everyone's households. What do you do? Well, you could go to the media and do interview after confrence after interview, or, you could simply post it on the @CAPS1. It is plain to see that the computer in an important not in the process of exchanging information. ""I'm sorry @PERSON2, but we can't fly out to @LOCATION1 to see @CAPS2 @PERSON1. We don't have enough money."" I think that everyone has heard a variation of that line at least once. But here comes the computer to the rescue! With computers @CAPS2 @PERSON1 over in @LOCATION2 level is just a click (and or screen) away. By using webcams, you can speak with someone across the world without having to worry about the expensive costs of flights! No webcam? No problem! You can send someone very far away a message through e-mail or instant messaging. Say ""bye"" to expensive phre rides, long phone bills, or years going by seeing a loved one. Computers are,not just tools that are used strictly for, computers can be used for purposes as weel. In other words, computers can be used for fun! How exactly does the make computers have a creative on society? I'll tell you how. Many @CAPS4 are workaholics, also known as people who warr @CAPS5 to much. After a long day of signing papers and fiddling with a budget, wouldn't it be nice to just sit down and play some solitare? Thats possible with a computer, and you don't even need a deck of cards! Computers are full of fun games, like solitare and chess. These games are a great @CAPS5 to help people relax, and trust me, everyone needs relaxation. Having some downtime can really help someone to be a healthier and happier person! Aren't computers great? They can let us to exchange information talk to family and friendss across the globe(without a big pore tag), and they provide us with entertainment. So everyone out there could does not like the effect of the computers have on the public, please reconsider. Computers really are a helpful, fun, and useful tool to society."