"Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, I am against that computers benefit society in anyway. Yes computers are a great way to learn about things all over the world, but people have to worry about what is right in front of them. Being on the computer all the time gives less time of exercising, no sight of enjoying nature, and gives less time of interacting with family and friends. Computers don't benefit everyone because it gives less time of exercising. When people don't exercise because they are busy always doing something else less important, then you would always be tired. You won't want to do anything but just sit around & do nothing which calls for laziness you would go weak without exercise. You wouldnt have the strength to eat or lift anything which calls for your bone to go weak and you wouldn't get the calories & calcium & vitamins that your body needs to be strong. You would gain weight which calls for you being out of shape. Since your body has no exercise the weight & fat just stays. Being on the computer doesn't help you enjoy nature the way that you are supposed to. You will never see the world for what it is. You will always miss out on fun activities, then when people start talking about how much fun they had you're going to wish you were there. And you will always be stuck in the house which is going to get boring & there's nothing fun to do. If you're always on the computer cell the time you will never interact with family & friends. That is mostly & always more important than computers because they are always always going to be there for you. You will miss out on fun important occasions with your family because you're so addicted to the computer. And your friends will stop being with you because you're not hanging out with them. Computers really don't benefit everyday people because you miss out on the greater things of life. You will miss out on exercising, nature and especially family and friends. Then you are going to wish that you had spent time with them instead of the computer because you are going to see they had a great time & you would want a great time too!"