"Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, Are computers really as great as they seem? It seems to me that they are used way too much in people's lives, and that computers are distractions that don't allow people to di ceratin things in their life that they would if they weren't always on the computer. People's lives are starting to revolve around going on the computer, checking your facebook, and looking at new videos on @CAPS2.com. I know from experience facebook or myspace can be very addicting. I'll spend hours commenting on pictures or new wall posts, and then at @NUM1 pm I've realized I haven't begun any of my loads of homework. This happens quite often, and I end up staying awake until around @NUM2. The following moring I wake up at @NUM3 am, exhausted. I am not exaggerating either, this happens to many of my friends, and if you have kids, ask them because I am @PERCENT1 sure they are on facebook or @CAPS3 all night. This doesn't just happen with kids either, my mom just got a facebook and she is hooked to it, even more than I am. Sometimes it can be come a competition to see who has the most pictures, or the most friends. Kids start adding people as friends that they don't even know computers aren't just distractions, they are also very dangerous. At my school we had assembly where they showed us how easy it was to find out someone's personal information, Even if you don't have your address or your phone number listed, there are many other ways to track you down. If you take a picture right after you won the championship soccer game, in your jersey. Just that one picture shows your team name, your last name, and your number. Anyone could easily search all that stuff on the internet and know exactly where your next game be. As the local newspaper @CAPS1, I am sure you must be concerned about the safety of the town, or even your own kids. Some people @MONTH1 say ""that would never happen to me"" but it easily could, especially if you're constantly on your computer. I have noticed that a lot of teens around my age are starting to become obsessed with being on the computer. A lot of times in families, instead of spending time together. syblings are fighting over who gets to go on the computer. One sybling @MONTH1 need it for homework, while the other just wants to talk to her friends on @CAPS3 and each believes they deserves the computer. Computers are starting to interest a lot with people's lives, in a negative way. Once again they are distracting, dangerous and hurt families. Computers hurt society more than it helps. And maybe you should look into how much time your kids are spending on the computer. "