"Dear local newspaper committee...., I am writing to you, about how there is a substancial dilemma within the concern of computer use. From my data that I have collected, computers are both somewhat good, and bad. But I believe that there are more reasonable ""@CAPS1,"" toward computer use. In my opinion, I state that computers are quite addicting due to, addiction of computer, loss time of exercise, and how computers @MONTH1 ""help,"" one in obtaining the loss of their social enviorment. Computer @MONTH1 seem helpful but of @ORGANIZATION1 they are a great way to research for @ORGANIZATION1 reasons. But there is also the choice of books for research. Computer use has risen to a substancial crisis line, because they are addicting. An example is the well-known link called, ""@CAPS2,"" @CAPS2 is a place where you can socialize. But when your child has a @CAPS2, and they are on the computer doing ""homework,"" there is a @PERCENT1 that they will end upon @CAPS2, than rather doing their homework that important information was found at an @ORGANIZATION1 @DATE1. Computers are addicting also because of online computer games. Computer games online can be fun, but are a complete waste of time for you electrical bill, and @ORGANIZATION1 purposed of you child. Computers are very addicting in terms of @CAPS2, and online games. Computers are somewhat good, but are very to you health. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of @LOCATION1 has increased their weight, due to videogames and computer? Computers are horrible when it comes to this topic. Overtime, you begin to gain weight by spending more time using the computer and less time working out and staying fit. This also revolves around addiction, by using the computer over a large period of time. In the end, computers are a harzardous topic, when it comes to working out, and staying in shape. Computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends. Friends are people who spend time with you and interact with you. But computers see it a different way. by using computer for a long period of time, you begin to think how computers are all you need. Soon enough, your friends will leave you because you don't care about them, and forget them. This also revolves around addiction. By addiction, you lose your friends and you damage your social enviornment. Computer @MONTH1 seem ""fun,"" but are defuliated when it comes to friends. In the end, I beleive that computers are a waste, because they are addicting you become very unhealthy and they strive to damage your social enviornment. With the facts I have stated, they have supported my reasons. Computers are not the way to go. So, try books."