"I am so happy, I just finished my school report on @PERSON1 and I didn't even need to leave my house. I was able to talk with my classmate and ask her questions online. I also managed to get all the information just from my computer. I also learned how to row a boat, to show my class how @LOCATION1 crossed the @CAPS1 river, I learned that by taking on online course. This is one situation why computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations. Local research show that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 planning their vocation use the internet. The reason these citizens use internet is to get the information about the hotel and vacation cite. That is one way that makes computers helpful and positive devices, beacuse it makes it easier for busy @CAPS2 to get ready for a trip by looking at pictures of the hotel online and getting all the info they need. Doctor @PERSON2 of @CAPS4 university says ""computers now offer programs that allow busy @CAPS2 to learn a new skill, @PERCENT2 of @CAPS2 currently use this software. ""@CAPS7 everyday @CAPS2 don't have time to go out a join a group or class to learn new skills. That is why computers are so helpful and people just love them. Instead of leaving home they can be cooking, doing yoga, or speaking a new language all from their computer at home. That is another reason why computers are useful in vey positive ways. Imagine forgetting your homework at school and not be able to an A in that class. Well because of computers forgetful students can talk to a classmate online and get the homework and do it. Or they could even use the internet to go to that school website and find the homework and print it out. Many students around the country forget homework once in a while, because of helpful computers they can fix their problems easily. Let's recap, students or adults can get information off the internet for projects or even vacations. Busy @CAPS2 who don't have time to leave their house can take a class or learn a new skill right on the computer. Anyone can use the internet to talk or chat online to get school work or to long distance friends. That is why the effects on computers to people are nothing but positive. Now what can you do? It is important that computers stay in our lives, they are helpful and we have learned to live with them, which is why they must stay. This benefits you because newspaper houses are organized by computers and it keeps you business running."