"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 opinion on computers is that they have a positive affect on people. I think this because I know some people that excersise and go on the computer mainly, I don't think computers are a bad thing. Some people learn on computers. They learn how to exercise. Sure some people just chat and learn about that far away place they could go there and explore the buety and nature. I think computers are great effects on people, They help out a lot. I know @CAPS2 uncle that came from @LOCATION1 he learned how to speak english of the computer. He learned a lot and we were all proud. Some effects that computers have on people are a lot. People have classes online they go to @CAPS3 mothers that are single that have kids for example, they get their diplomas and degrees of the computer online. And theirs other @CAPS3 @CAPS2 aunts and uncles they go to english classes online and work. A lot of people have classes online. @CAPS3 i go on @PERSON1 all the time all the time. @CAPS4 teaches me how to type. @CAPS4's fun, but also educated. I think that all computer have positive effects on people. All of them should their should'nt be one computer with negative effects on people. But that's only by @CAPS2 opinion. Computers are @CAPS3 robots they do lots for us. We type reports, learn, read online. And then theres also were we play games online, and educated games. I believe that their are lots of resources. You could search up a lot of stuff. For example you could search up: mistery, animals, natures and places. You wouldn't beleive how many results the computer has. So who would have negative effects of the computer. All @CAPS4's trying to do is help us and out education @CAPS4 helps me with @CAPS2 spanish sometimes. So why would people think that computers arn't good ideas? Computers are great for everything. I could go on and see what the weather is for tommorrow. Also I could see what the news are, and i could contact @CAPS2 teachers through the computer. I think a computer would always have a positive affect on people."