"Dear Local @CAPS1, I am deligted to write this letter to you. It has come to my attention that the people who support advances in tecnology believe that computers have a positive efffect on people. I agree with those people. I agree with them because one: you can communicate with your family and friends via email, via @CAPS2, via @CAPS3 ets. Number two: you can use a computer for research, and number three: it can tell you directions or give you info. on a resteraunt or place you want to go. I will now get into more detail on these three topics. You can communicate with your family or friends via computer. For example my friend amor, when we were best freinds and we were in third grade, he had to move to @LOCATION1. I cried the first day he moved. then the next week or so I got an email from him and so now we can keep in touch with each other. He comes & to @LOCATION2 every @DATE2 and we hangout with each other. Maybe one day, I will like to go visit him now In @LOCATION3 becasue he moved again, but I will have to do some research on @LOCATION3 first. With a computer you can research alot of things like this year our language @CAPS4 class read a book called ""my brother @CAPS5 is dead"" and it was a true story. Se we had to some research on the book and I found out that without computers how would I be able to research anything on the website it shared where everything , a description of the thing, and how to get there (diretions). Directions are very important. The show you how to get to a certain destination. You can get directions off a computer. I remember one year I had to go to my friends birthday party and we didn't know how to get there. So I went online on @DATE1 and we got the directions from there and we printed them out and we found the place in @NUM1 minutes. Without a computer we would have been able to find the house easily. You @MONTH1 disagree with me on this because a computer can have bad websites and can also became very addicting to some people, but I think I am right. Thank you for reading this letter, once again computers are good for the study!"