"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, I think computers are a good thing. It is good because you get to learn about forein places. Keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment. First, computers are great to learn about forein places. On the computers you could research a place and look at pictures before you go. If I wanted to go to a far away place like @LOCATION3. I would go on the computer and find the best part to go to and I would look at different hotels to stay at the reviews it has gotten. Aslo, if someone were to do a paper on a different country or even state that they've never been to they would go on the computer. Sure, you can get the same info from books but you can filter out what you don't need on the computer. In my history calss, I had to do a report on the state of @LOCATION2. I have never been there so I want on the computer. Books could have given me the same info but computers are always up to date and accurate. Seecond, computers help you keep in touch with family and friends. There are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family. I recently signed up for facebook and I am able to talk to friends instead of using mytexts and running over the phone bill every mont. My dad has a facebook too, he talks to people he hesn't seen since he moved heve from the @LOCATION1 white mountains. Some other sites are aim, aol, and myspace. Lastly computers are good entertainment. Computers allow you to see that concert you didn't go to or that movie that's never on tv. When I went to a skate board demo at skate lair I had tons of fun. The other day though, I started thinking about it. I went on youtube and type in""nike sb skate lair demo"" and clicked on it. i watched it and about halfway through it I saw my face! i was so exited. Computer also allow you to check the news and weather. This is good because if you are on the road and you want to see what's going on you can take out a laptop and checked the weather or news. That is why I think computers are necessary. Yes people do stay on four hours at a time but most people only go on for a small amount."