"Dear @CAPS1, "" Computers are great! They do so much for my family and me, i can't live without a computer."" @CAPS2 my many local in the town of @LOCATION1. For me, computers are a place to have fun with all the different applications. But they can also be used for researching anything you can imagine. I also think tha computer is important because it is where businessmen do their job. My favorite part about the computer are applications like @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, and so many more. These apps. are great because on @CAPS5, you can talk to your friends if you don't have a cellphone, or talk to friends that live in another state, @CAPS3. Easily my most favorite application, because I get to talk to my friends, look at pictures of them, see who they are dating, and so many other endless possibilities, You can also play and download games onto your computer. It's always very fun to do things on the computer that you enjoy, and not have to research all the time. The second thing on the computer, is research. Researching can be fun and boring, however you look at it, But researching is educational, and I asked a mother with a @NUM1 year old, a @NUM2 year-old, and a @NUM3 yearl-old and she said ""The most important thing to me on the computer is researching. Its's fun, enjoyable, and most importantly, educational!"" The best thing about researching is that, there are endless amounts of websitees that have information for us to look at, and enjoy. People that work and have jobs, are mostly the ones on the computer, and a lot of them ar researching while working. People that work, are th ones that are basically on the computer @NUM4. Businessmen, designers, etc.... The computers are mostly used by workers for e-mail. My father is always on the computer, checking e-mails, typing something for this boss; and even talking on a video conference. There are endless possibilities for workers because foe some of them, computers are their jobs. Computers, in my opinion, they'are one of the best things created. They are the best because they ahve amazing apps. for me to have fun on. But they also provide an educational opportunity through research. And they are great for people with jobs. I don't think there is any person that can live without one of these technological beauties."