"@ORGANIZATION1, In today's age computers are seen everywhere and they have been so helpful. They act as an information highway and connect people together. The new advances in technology have had a positive effect on humans all over. First off, computers are an easy way to have a universe of information at your fingertips. @PERCENT1 of students at @ORGANIZATION2 say that when assigned or paper or project the first source they use is from the internet. The internet is fast, simple and reliable when you know how to use it."" said student @PERSON1. Children from the age of @NUM1 and up are learning how to use the internets multiple online encyclopidias, amagazines, newssites or other resources to get information. I remember my kindergarden computer class where we'd reserch dinnosaurs and weather patterns on kid friendly websites. And now being in middle school we use websites like @CAPS1 Online for up to date reliable information. Moreover, I've seen my mom, a nurse and hospital manager, use the internet for videos and articles on how to do certian procederes and ways to orginnaize a productive hospital. The internet is a great way to have a highway of information at the touch of a button. Furthermore, computers are used as a way for people to stay in touch. @PERCENT2 of teenagers say they talk to other peers using @CAPS2, @CAPS3, @CAPS4 or @CAPS5. Its a great way for us to communicate with our busy schedules when we can't always get together. Also with parents losing jobs in this ecconomic downfall, kids are always moving. Last @DATE1 one of my best friends in the world moved all the way to @LOCATION1. I though we'd never talk again and I was so upset to say goodbye, but because of @CAPS6 and @CAPS5 we talk non-stop and have accually never been closer. And its not just for young people to fool around with friends but adults use social network too. They connect for buissness through the internet and talk about future deals or problems and even use it to connect with old friends they haven't spoken to since college or childhood. As you can see the internet has had many positive effects from doing reserch faster to connecting with old friends, computers ar helping everyone."""