"Dear local newspaper, Have you even been on a computer too long & haven't spent time excersising, or haven't spent any time with your family? Well, that's a big problem here in the @LOCATION1. In my opinion, to make this problem better, people should only be allowed on the computer for a certain amount @ORGANIZATION1 time & after they enjoy themselves with a nice workout, time outside & most importantly with their families. I think this will make the problem better, because you can enjoy yourself a little bit more rather than getting home from school & shooting right to wherever your computer is & being on it for the rest @ORGANIZATION1 the night. I also think this will help the problem because it will also allow you to get better grades. If your on computer all the time & don't have any time to excersise, go outside, and bond with your family then that most likely means you have no time to do homework. By not doing homework, your grades could go lower & you most likely won't understand what you are learning in that class. This one problem ran also affect you so many other ways. The problem with computers & why people, mostly kids are so attached with them is because @ORGANIZATION1 websites such as twitter, facebook, youtube, etc. & kids are @CAPS1 to them. This is part @ORGANIZATION1 the problem because kids can't get off @ORGANIZATION1 them, they like it so much. This problem leads to the main problem because if parents say ""Time to get off... go get some fresh air."" the kid always goes ""one minute"" & the parents let them get away with that, but then that ""one minute"" turns into an hour at most. This is bad because by the time the kid gets off the computer, its dark out and they can't go run around outside. I think this is important because think that facebook & twitter should be limited amount @ORGANIZATION1 time and should log you off after @NUM1 minutes. In conclusion, this problem is a national issue & in my opinion should be a new law, that kids have to play outside, and spend time with their families before going onto any computer. As you can see having all these great websites leads into a problem with kids. Thanks for your time on reading why I think computers are a big problem here in the @ORGANIZATION1."