"Dear local newpaper: @CAPS1 you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say how you feel about the effects computers give to people. I believe that computers give great effects to people because it teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about far away places, and it allows you to talk to people. In all, @PERCENT1 of people agree with my idea about computers. Firstly, using computers teaches people about hand-eye coordination. For example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer. This is because she types and researches information all day long. In all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more. Secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places. @PERSON1 from @ORGANIZATION1 quotes, ""I always use computers for my work because it helps me learn about many new things. @CAPS2, it lets my wife and I search details about a trip we want to go on."" @CAPS2, the people agree with what @PERSON1 stated. However, people @MONTH1 say that computers give the wrong information many times, but if you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you. Thirly, if you use computers it will let you talk online or video chat with friends or family all over the world. How this benefits you is because if you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat. It has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way. @CAPS2, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat. Lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important. In conclusion, you will have great eye coordination, you will be able to research faraway places, and you will always be allowed to video chat or talk to family online. @CAPS2, I want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem. Lastly, you will have the best feeling ever if you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!"