"Dear, Newspaper @CAPS1 my name is @CAPS2, @PERSON1 and I think that this idea based on why people need computer is a good statement/ @CAPS3. My @CAPS4 oppinon is that same say people use their computers so much they dont yet exercise. When that is not true do to the fact that computers have. Programms on how to watch your weight. Stocks and etc also Technology helps people around the world on websites, programs such names as to video chat, @CAPS5.com for instant messaging. on the way teen stuff like computers help people for on video chatting, emailing people their rezemates to jobs on why and how their based. On showing people their recent jobs. And giving details on showing people reading this article is that technology of computers also help @CAPS6 save. Most reasons we need tech equipment is that people use it on fields such as the navy, @CAPS6, dealships, all over the world industry. Why is that good well my point of view is that business need that to order their stocks for store carriers and more. For @CAPS6 on field to use for @CAPS7 sean, pregnacy, pulse radar's and more. And on the negative point of those side of the readers are based on the mostly that people get addict to technology when the truht is that people really need technology look around you and everything in this world has mostly been made by technology and. the @CAPS8 is that people should agree. that computers help people, speak, @CAPS9, email, lives, help find family, friends, give directions, so on my point of view @CAPS9 tel your dean @CAPS1 and readers that interacting with technology. Is a good way nto control ways on how or what you do in the computers do to that in my way I make sites audio and interesting Technology can allows people on ways to help people. Find and create ways to making money or interesting positive out comes out of using person in this world goes in and thru out tech equip. These days, and to the people who have read this article should pass this story on to people who take technology on negative terms and to help them think about it positive."