"Dear Local Newspaper, I just heard that people are spending too much time on computers than with their families and friends. No @CAPS1 is not true just listen to the reasons why in a computer you can find people that you'r looking for. Also @CAPS1 can always help you on something that you need help on and you can do different kinds of activities. If you keep on reading you are going to see all the tipical reasons why I think that people are not spending much time on computers than with their families. (@NUM1) @CAPS2 reason why I think that people are not spending much time on computerr is because, the computer can help you look for a family member that your looking for or a friend. My second reason why I think this is because naybe you never met that family member and you want to get to know them. My last reason why I think this is because @CAPS1's really a person that you really love and need in your personal like. These are the reasons why I think that they are not spending to much times on the computers. (@NUM2) @CAPS3 reason why I think that people are not spending too much time on computers is because @CAPS1 can help you in many things that you need help on. My second reason why I think that they are not spending too much time on computers is because you can do your homeworks their and @CAPS1 can help you with @CAPS1. @MONTH1 last reason is because if you find something really difficult that you dont know @CAPS1 helps. (@NUM3) @CAPS4 I think that people are not spending too much time on the computers because you can do different kinds of activities their. My second reason why I think this is because when your having a @CAPS5 party and you need invitations the computer can help you. My last reason why I think this is because if you want to move to @CAPS3 state or country you can see the place on the website and then you can go. These are the reasons why I think that the computer is very helpfull. (@NUM4) I hope that after reading all the tipical reasons of computers like, @CAPS1 can help you on many things, you can look for people, and you can do different activities, that I really convinced you, also I hope that you really liked and enjoyed reading my letter."