"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the experts when they say people are spending too much time on the computers. The reason for this is that one, people don't get enough exercise. Two, new websites have been made and people want to see how @CAPS1 works. Three, more and more teenage kids have the new technology. Their on @CAPS1 all the time, and don't realize their not spending any time with their family. Now that you know that lets move on to my first reason. First of all, people are spending a lot of time on the computer they don't have time to go outside and exercise, More people probably figure they don't need to go outside. Really they do, @CAPS1's important that they get their body moving and blood flowing through their body. Another thing is that we don't always need to get the answers off the computer. @CAPS1's east to find friend and play a game with them. Find something to do other than play games on the computer. Now that you know let's move on the second reason. Second of all, the computer network came up with new ideas for the computer. They now have facebook. More and more people use facebook now. This right here shows us they won't get out and play, this also means most kids won't do their homework. Another thing is that either parents set a time on the computer or they take @CAPS1 a way. Their is just so much amount of time you can be on the computer for and not get bored. Now that you know that lets move on to the last reason. Third of all, I would like to say people are spending more time on the computer than with their own family. The reason I say this is because @CAPS1 is important to spend as much time with family and friends instead of being on the computer @NUM1. We need to know also what's going on in our daily life. Another thing is that our family is way better than some game on the computer go outside with you family and play a game of wiffle ball. Now that you know that lets moves on to the conclusion. In conclusion, You have read an essay talking about how people spend more time on the computer rather than go outside to exersice, new website to keep them on longer, and not spending enough time with their family and friends. @CAPS1 is important to have a time limite on the computer and get up and moving. Don't be a lazy couch potato and sit on the computer all day get out and spend time with you family and friends, I hope you agree with me. "