"Although high expectations were concieved for the Empire State Building, the builders faced many obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there, as explained in the excerpt from The Mooring Mast by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1. The dream of having a mooring mast to dock new airships was quickly halted when architects first discovered the stress that a dirigible, held by a single cable tether, would add to the building's fame. As a result, ""the stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would...be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation...nearly eleven hundred feet below"" (paragraph @NUM1). Consequently, architects had to reinforce the buildings framework to accommodate the tremendous amounts of stress. Secondly, the owners of the Empire State Building found that a law concerning airships became an obstacle as well. Stating that airships could not fly too low over populated urban areas, the law became another practical reason why dirigibles could not moor atop the miraculous building. Finally, architects had also discovered the greatest obstacle to their success to be nature itself. The winds atop the building were described to be violent, forceful and unpredictable. As a result, mooring dirigibles to the mast ""where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street, was neither practical nor safe"" (paragraph @NUM2). Moreover, the violent winds made it difficult for dirigibles to approach the mooring mast. In December 1930, the captain of the U.S. Navy dirigible ""Los Angeles"" feared that ""the wind would blow the dirigible into the sharp spires of other buildings in the area, which would puncture the dirigible's shell"" (paragraph @NUM3). In effect, the idea of using the mooring mast to dock dirigibles atop the Empire State Building quietly disappeared. As described by Marcia Amidon @CAPS1 in the excerpt from The Mooring Mast, the builders of the Empire State Building faced many obstacles in allowing dirigibles to dock there."