"The idea of using a mooring mast in order to allow dirigibles to dock at the top of the Empire State Building was never a practical one. This is due to the many struggles that were faced when Al Smith's team was attempting to create a mooring mast that would serve the purpose of docking dirigibles. such obstacles included; the pressure a docked dirigible would have on the building itself, the hazards of high winds causing the dirigible to be shaken violently, the chance of the dirigible catching on fire due to the flamibility of the hydrogen if in it, and the close proximity the dirigible would have to other buildings in the area The first problem faced during the development of the mooring mast was the stress of the heavyweight of the dirigible would put on the building. ""The steel frame of the [building] would have to be modified and strengthened to accommodate [the added pressure from the dirigible]."" The dirigible's weight was not the only thing that put stress on the building, the wind pressure would also. The wind made it difficult for creating a mooring mast's structure because it would not only add pressure to the building because the dirrigible itself to not be able to stay in one place ""Even if the dirrigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" An accident that could occur would be a fire due to possible flamibility. And since the dirrigible is so close to people, such as tourist on the building's observation deck, the dirrigible catching on fire (if it's filled with hydrogen instead of helium) could be more disastrous than if it landed in an open field. Lastly,  the dirigibleis so close to urban areas that it is illegal for such airships to dock or even fly at such proximity.  For example, when the Los Angeles tested  the docking process to the mooring mast of the Empire State Building it ""could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds."" All of these were major obstacles to the building process of the Empire State Building and it's mooring mast for docking dirigibles. These are also the reasons why the architects of the Empire State Building came to the conclusion that such a structure would not be practical to construct."