"The builders and engineers involved in allowing The Empire State Building to dock dirigibles on a mooring mast around one thousand two hundred and fifty feet in the air faced many obstacles. In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, taken from The Empire State Building, the reader is taken through the journey in allowing dirigibles, or blimps, to refuel and transport passengers atop the Empire State Building. This was not an easy task; in fact it was never achieved. Some reasons for this are the very building itself. The mooring mast was to be on top of the building, and its height and weight and wind pressure on the building was dangerous. In paragraph nine it is stated that: ""Over sixty thousand dollars worth of modifications had to be made to the building's framework."" But even more than just the building itself, the location of the Empire State Building in densely populated downtown New York created a few major obstacles. First, most international blimps used Hydrogen rather than helium-which is highly Flammable. A fire or explosion in the location that the mooring mast was to be located would be devastating to the city. Secondly, there were shifting winds ""due to violent air currents"" atop the building. They caused the backend of the dirigible to swerve. Weights could not be used on the blimp, though, because of the people below and the height at which everything took place. Finally, there were laws in place against airships flying too low over urban areas. So essentially, the objective of this project could not be reached ed unless legislation was changed. All of these obstacles made it very hard to dock dirigibles on top of the mooring mast on the Empire State Building, However to blimps did attempt to land there. The U.S. Navy dirigible ""Los Angeles"" and the Goodyear Blimp ""Columbia"" both were unsuccessful in landing due to intense winds and sharp spires of nearby buildings. This project is an example of a beneficial idea which was nearly impossible to execute."