"Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to dock dirigibles at their building were that foreign dirigibles used highly flammable hydrogen over helium, the winds at the top of the building violently changed, and it was illegal to fly too low over urban areas.First of all, foreign blimps using hydrogen are very dangerous due to the high risk that they will burst into flames. This only occurred to the builders when a German blimp Hindenburg caught on fire on May 6, 1937. After this tragedy, they ""realized how much worse that accident could have been if it had taken place above a densely populated area such as downtown New York."" If the incident happened over New York City, many more lives would have been lost. More people would die, which would cause a bigger fiasco.Also, the winds above the building change constantly, which would make the blimp unstable. The article explains this effect by stating, ""Even if the dirigible were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast."" The changing winds would be torture on the back of the ship. The front would be secured due to its tethering, but the back would be left free to sway and swing in the wind. Pedestrians below would be at a high risk of danger, making this idea impractical.Finally, the law made it illegal to even approach the building, nevermind dock on it. The article tells this by saying, ""... an existing law against airships flying too low over urban areas... Would make it illegal for ship to ever tie up to the building or even approach the area..."" The builders simply could not use the dock unless the law changed. The law was made to protect pedestrians and innocent bystanders, and flying the craft to the Empire State Building would violate said law.In conclusion, the three obstacles stopping the use of the Empire State Building were the hydrogen gas used in foreign blimps, the unpredictable winds making the craft swivel, and the law prohibiting aircrafts from flying too low over urban areas."