"In The Mooring Mast by @ORGANIZATION1, many contractors were exceedingly determined to construct a mast on the Empire State building to sanction the use of dirigibles, or blimps, to be the way of air travel for the future. There were great amounts of obstacles in the way of making this a reality. Allowing dirigibles to dock on the Empire State building was a fantastic idea, but at the same time, proved to be just an impossible theory.The first problem was the weight of the blimp with the combined malicious winds, to eventually shatter the beautiful framework of the building. ""The stress of the dirigible's load and the wind pressure would have to be transmitted all the way to the building's foundation, which was nearly eleven hundred feet below."" Architects soon fixed that problem when they impulsively spent over sixty thousand dollars on changes to the building to support this flaw, but this was not the only problem. The second major concern was the hydrogen that would be filling these blimps. ""Most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable."" Hydrogen can easily create fires, which is a top concern in a densely populated city such as New York City. The most immense obstacle was mother nature. ""The winds on top of buildings were constantly shifting due to violent air currents."" With dirigible flying above thousands of civilians, an uncontrolled aircraft due to high winds is not safe. The last impractical reason why this idea was not realistic was because of the law that forbade airships to fly too low in urban areas. All of those obstacles made building a mast on The Empire State building only a dream.Al Smith, the architect of The Empire State building, came up with fascinating ideas. Although they were great, they did not work. Between the environment, winds, hydrogen use, and safety laws, his dream was just a hoax. These obstacles made it impossible to proceed construction. Al Smith had amazing imagination with bad luck."