"In the excerpt ""The Mooring Mast"" by @ORGANIZATION2, there were many challenging obstacles that the builders of the @ORGANIZATION1 as they were attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. Al Smith, the four-term governor of New York was determined to outstrip the Chrysler building by making the Empire State Building much taller. He had goals where the building ""would be equipped For an age of transportation that was then only the dream of aviation pioneers"". The first obstacle involved their expanded use in New York City, which was the lack of a suitable landing area. Al Smith, however, saw it as an opportunity to have a a mooring mast added to the top of the building would allow dirigibles to anchor there For several hours for refueling or service, and to let passengers off and on"". Al Smith's ambitions to enhance the building's height encouraged him to overcome this obstacle. Another problem with this however, was actually constructing the mast which led to a new obstacle. Over sixty thousand dollars' worth of modifications were done to the Empire State Building because they couldn't have a thousand- foot dirigible moored at the top of the building. If the dirigible was held by a single cable tether, it would add stress to the building's frame. Even though this was an obstacle, the modifications to the building had adjusted this problem, and the builders were able to create the mast. As the progress of the Empire State continued, more difficulties kept arising which made the goas for Al Smith much farther away.Not knowing the fate of the mooring mast on the Empire State Building, the builders realized afterwards that the mast's purpose became obsolete. The issue here was mainly safety which was that ""most dirigibles from outside of the United States used hydrogen rather than helium, and hydrogen is highly flammable"". They noticed after the mast's construction that it could have been a tragedy to have a dirigible go in flames above the densely populated city. Another important obstacle that interfered in attempting to dock dirigibles above the Empire State was nature itself. It was stated that ""the winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents"". The builders knew that weighing down the back of a dirigible would be unsafe because of the pedestrians below. Even with all these obstacles, the builders of the Empire State Building continued to try to allow dirigibles to dock there, but over time the idea had faded away and they basically gave up on the project. Al Smith's goals were left uncomplete because of the challenging obstacles, but in the end, he did manage to establish the Empire State Building as the tallest in @ORGANIZATION5."