"While reading the memoir titled ""Narciso Rodriguez"" from Home: The Blueprints of our lives by Narciso Rodriguez. I could feel the great sense of mood and emotion that the author poured into it. To describe the mood he created in this memoir, I would have to describe it as a great sense of love and gratitude for some things called home and family. This memoir is just gushing appreciation for family, parents, love, courage, and a caring home everywhere you look.Rodriguez starts off by describing his Cuban heritage and how it was always there during his childhood. In paragraph @NUM1 it states, ""My parents... Passed on to me their rich culinary skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which I am eternally grateful). Passionate Cuban music (which I adored to this day) filled the air..."". Here you can really feel he appreciated how his parents incorporated his heritage into his daily life as a child and how he still has fond memories of those times. Rodriguez than goes on to discuss in paragraphs @NUM2 and @NUM3 the community he had grown up in and what he learned from being part of such a tight knit neighborhood, such as to open up your heart and home to those in need and to never hesitate when the people you care about need help. This is shown in para @NUM2, in two instances when he says, ""Growing up in this environment instilled in me a great sense that ""family"" had nothing to do with being a blood relative."" And where it also says, ""In our neighborhood, despite customs elsewhere, all these cultures came together and great solidarity and friendship.""At the end of his memoir, Rodriguez then goes on to describe the love and appreciation he has for his parents for having ""Such courage"" and how ""They came selflessly"" (para, @NUM5) to @LOCATION1. In para @NUM6 it tells, ""I will always be grateful for their love and sacrifice."" Rodriguez really tells of how their faithfulness and great examples have also helped shape him into the man he is today.To conclude, I truly need to say is that Rodriguez did a marvelous job with giving his memoir a very generous dosage of mood. It spoke volumes of how indebted he feels to his parents for giving him a loving home and teaching him how much family means, which I believe is the best gift a parent can give their child."