"Dear @CAPS1 news editors, @CAPS2, my name is @PERSON1, and I would like you to write an article on the effects computers have on people. Computers have been the technological item to have over the past @NUM1 or so years. They allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize! However some experts believe that people spend to much time on computers, and that people are not as active or healthy because of it, and. Everyone wants to be healthy. While computers are fun and useful, could they have a negative effect on society? @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 are employed as of @DATE1, and with that number dropping people need to get more work done to keep their jobs, or even keep their businesses open. With computers available at work (or school) much more work can be done, with programs like @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 people can type reports, and with programs like @CAPS5, @ORGANIZATION2, and iCalculator, workers can calculate taxes faster, so they have more time to work. Some people are working with stocks, and these days, the stocks could be good or bad, so you need to keep up! You can go to the stock websites and control what you buy and sell, without raising you phone bill from calling the brokers. Laptops make work possible on the go to! Computers teach many skills you need to know for jobs, and other skills you @MONTH1 need times in life. You can learn typing, work programs, and programing which are all needed in some lines of work. Computers increase math skills and hand eye coordination to! And you can read your favorite books via online scans!, now you @MONTH1 be wondering why not pick up a real book? Well, you cant online scans, and some are free! Not only do computers teach skills and work, they are very fun too! Between @CAPS6, twitter, email, googleBUZZ, mySpace, ooVoo, skype and gamesradar, there are lots of ways to talk to friends and meet new people. On @CAPS6 I can have up to @NUM2 people talk to whenever I want! Why not talk to real people? you ask, well the answer is simple, maybe it is a lazy @DATE2 and nobody wants to go out anywhere, or maybe your friends want to talk right before bed time. Talking to real people is important, but cant be done all the time! Online gaming has become an sensation!, and not only an @NUM3, @NUM4 and @CAPS8, @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 can game too! So many people are gaming now, that if your not, you are missing out on an amazing experience. Some people think gaming is a waste of time, but the same can be said for any indoor leisure activity, everybody needs a fun activity they can do anytime! Besides everybody likes having fun! Some people believe the ludicrous notion that technology is making @LOCATION1 into fat, lifeless losers, but, it is opposite, you can socialize online and meet new people. People (like myself) can balance computers and games, with exercize and sports. With computers you can efficently complete work and learn new skills! Computers are posotive if used correctly. I hope you like this artice, thanks for reading."