"In a study conducted by @ORGANIZATION1, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people are spending more that @NUM3 hours a day on the computer. ""@CAPS1 computers became so popular here has been an increase in social problems, health issues and pollution,"" says @PERSON1. The question is then, do computers really benefit society or do they have a negative affect on people? I strongly believe that these computers are badly affecting us. First, less people are spending time outside enjoying nature. Imagine, sitting outside under the brilliant fall sun as leaves of red, yellow, and green dance with the wind. How will anyone see the beautiful sights of the outside world if their eyes are glued to the computer screen? Eight out of ten @CAPS2 surveyed by the national nature @CAPS3 admit to not going outside on sunny days but instead play on the computer. ""The more people who see how beautiful is the less likely they will pollute it with smoke. Dr @PERSON2. How is our country supposed to be clean if people want even turn off the computer the @NUM4 hour a day and see the world? In conclusion, computers have a negative affect on person because they seeing beauty. Second, computers take up so much time that people are with their families. I used to think that talking with someone. Now, I've realized that talking in real life with people is better. I remember meeting the girl. She woulod always talk with email texting of instant messaging. Seventy-nine percent of families split up due to social problems. All smart, intelligent people talks about families or just car and around, these sucessful people know the key to happiness is communication and are working to help get rid of computers. Lastly, more time on computers means less exercise. Teenagers are supposed to get one hour of exercise each day but @NUM5 out @NUM2 teens surveyed at @ORGANIZATION2 admit getting that exercise. There has been a @PERCENT1 increase in a obesity in children from @DATE1 when computers weren't big. Now almost @NUM4/2 of boys in @NUM8 grade at @ORGANIZATION2 agree to spending too much time on computers. In conclusion computers take away some important things line exercise. Come on now-can't we agree that computers have a negative offers ? our poor environment is getting killed because no one sees the beauty of families are seeing occupy their lives most a lot up and sight against computers today! It will be the best choice you ever make."