"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1? Are you there?"" ""@CAPS2 you hear me?"" You never have that issue with computers. It has come to my understanding that there is a dispute about the benefits of computers - should we have them and advance them, or not? Well, I believe that computers are a necesity to an average person. Computers help everyone, and make life easier! Sure, there are cellphones and other helpful electronics, but @CAPS2 they always prove trustworthy? Computers are alwasy reliable - whether it's for homework or another reason! Computers provide easy interaction without breakups, they make it easier to learn, and if you are smart then they are safe. Without computers, who knows where our society would be? To begin, computers allow people to have conversations with others...that are halfway across the world! There are a variety of applications that you @CAPS2 choose from, and they are all easy to use. My personaly preffered option is @ORGANIZATION2 email. I myself have family in @LOCATION1, which is a whole continent away! Sure, I could call them, but my phone bill would be through the roof! How else am I supposed to keep intact with my loved ones? Do you know how many others face the same problem? Through a recent study, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 families in @LOCATION2 say they have relatives that are far away. That is @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2's population! Imagine there was no computer for them to use. Phone companies would be in money and regular families would be living on the streets. Or worse - they would lose any relationship with their famly. Do you want that? Computers are easy to access, and you @CAPS2 interact with loved ones, friends, or new people. It doesn't get any better than that! So, which would you choose - losing your family relations or keeping in touch via email and computer applications? If that isn't enough, computers make it easy to learn new things and accomplish tasks. I know that as a student of @PERSON1, other students and I need to type our homework at least three times a week! Just yesterday I had to type up a response, a free writing choice, and an entry for a history project. Imagine if we had to go back to using typewriters. Either homework wouldn't be done or everyone would have a major lack of sleep. Both options are unacceptable. Plus, computers are great for research. If you have to look up a new country, look at far away colleges or find out about the world, why not visit your handy computer? You could learn which college is right for you without leaving your house. You could visit a new country without leaving town! Sure, you could read a newspaper, but answer me this where does the paper come from? Yup, trees are killed for them. Computers are the easy, environment friendly alternative for you. If those two reasons didn't convince you, maybe this one will. Most people think computers are unsafe, and that @MONTH1 be partly true. But if you are smart or listen in school like me, you will know that isn't always the case. In our school, we are taught about the risks of computers, and how to prevent any possible @CAPS3. I'm sure most schools do. In fact, nine out of ten students say that when it comes to safety, computers are rated an A+. Everyone knows about hackers, and so we avoid them. My parents even say that for over thirty years they have never had a single issue or risk of safety when using a computer, and neither have I. ""@CAPS3 are only powerful if you let them be, and let them take control,"" says @CAPS4, an expert on the subject. So, if it's safety you are worried about, then don't. The kids of today, and tomorrow, know what is out there, and how to stop the minor @CAPS3. So, why don't we recap what we learned today. Are computers helpful and the best way to go for communication? Yes, they are. What is the best way to learn now things easily? I believe the correct answer is computers. What are safe even if some don't agree. It wasn't phones... no, not television... oh yes computers! I see why you might think no, they should be outside, well let me tell you, cellphones and t.v. will keep them from that anyway. At least computers don't rot your brain. Well, I have done my part. I support computers, and their advancement. But it isn't up to me, is it? No, it's not. So please do your part by spreading the word. It's the right thing to do. You know that you want to!"""