"Dear editor, Computers are becoming more and more prevalent in the @LOCATION1. Peolple are spending too much time on computers instead of on other activities, an effect not beneficial to society. Because of computers, people have lacked exercise, missed enjoying nature and other parts of the world and forgotten about interacting with family and friends. Computers should be used in moderation and not in place of other important events in our lives. First of all, computer users receive significantly less exercise than those who do not use computers. According to a survey done by the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 only @PERCENT1 of computer users reported that they exercised at least once every week. In contrast, @PERCENT2 of non-computer users (non-frequent computer users) reported that they exrcised at least once every week. Can one imagine what it would be like if everyone was a loyal computer user? Nearly everybody would be overweight, lethaigic from lack of sleep due to hours on the computer, and unworldly. Getting exercise is an essential part of everyone's life, and lacking it could be deleterious to one's health. Hopping off the computer and instead getting exercise, would make for a healthier and more fit country. Not only do computers deprive people of getting exercise, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and other parts of the world. By traveling to @CAPS1 and unfamiliar places in the world, one is able to experience and learn about other cultures. Going on the internet @MONTH1 be a decent way to learn about other places, but actually feeling the ambiance and environment of a foreign place is allows for a much more profound understanding of another place. For example. when I went to @LOCATION2 for a vacation, I learned about the differences in traditions and culture. I saw the separation between the poor and the rich when I lookes from humble sharks along the river to the portentous, eregant edifices scraping the sky. It was an experince I could not encounter on a computer. People should be able to enjoy the wonders and differences of the world not on a small screen of a computer, but through the screen of one's eyes. Lastly, computers inhibit people from interacting with family and friends. From my personal experiences, I tend to ignore friends and family. Speaking, playing, and generally socializing with others is a critical part of everyone's life. Without this basic necessity people cannot be happy. In summary, computers should not be used in excess. This sort of use could read to people getting less exercise, not fully experiencing the world, and closs of interaction with friends and family. To make a better country and nation, the people of the @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 should make an effort to reduce computer use."