"Dear The @CAPS1 newspaper, @CAPS2 in front of a @CAPS3 @CAPS1 after @CAPS1. Oh, how much you want to just relax in the natural free air, but with all the advances in technology you feel it's your job to always be updated. I believe that advances in technology have had a negative affect on people. People aren't exercising interacting with family and friends in person, or having the ability to enjoy nature. Exercising means getting your hear to pound, your body to sweat and me because of endorprimes that ultimately make you feel better. @CAPS2 in front of a @CAPS3 all @CAPS1 does not support you with the natural urge to exercise. People who support advances in technology say, ""@CAPS3 are able to teach you hand-eye coordination."" @CAPS4, coordination is important but your body as a whole should also be put with account as well @PERSON1, voted # @NUM1 cardiologist in world says, ""more and more people are suffering from heart disease & attacks every year!"" be goes on to say, ""many links have been theorized to this on going problem, But none seem to up as well as my theory. I believe peoples lives have been overcome by technology. More and more cases have samt to the people being addicted to their computers. Its unbelieveable but, @CAPS5 individuals have a @PERCENT2 higher chance of developing heart disease!! There are many healthier things you can absorp yourself in. Like tennis for example In tennis you have to develop hand-eye coordination in order to hit the ball. Correctly. Tennis also increase your heart rate & burn fat cells, to help you lose weight. Statistics show that @NUM2 out of @NUM3 people say tennis have actually made them more confident. This is because when people are able to have the determination to lose weight and head healthier , they feel they can can over the world. Isn't this the attitude everyone needs? Nature is all over and helps us are even if @CAPS4 don't notice. Like trees, they take in @NUM4) and release oxygen. Oxygen is key to life. Trees also are home to many living organisms. Like the saumel woodpecker or even owl. They all rely on trees to survive. But, if you are on the @CAPS3 @NUM5' hours a @CAPS1 @DATE1 you @MONTH1 not realize the nature and . Nature is a beautiful thing that over @PERCENT3 of peoploe say they enjoy relaxing outside, listening to birds singing morningsongs or a dear minding their own business feeding with their young watching. But, advances in technology also ruin this time belance of nature. Technology needs a power source, google, for example states to the press that,"" our business surely enjoys nature but needs to also run their corporation"". They go on to say.""we get our energy from oil and coal"" @CAPS5 according, to scientists like boy say that , oil primary source for big corporations. It is for but they don't keep in mind the fact over a million each year because . And ! that deplleats me protection we get from our ozone layer. Speeding the development of climate change. ""without advances in technology we @MONTH1 have a better and safer earth generations to come. Oh sure, says sue sarcastically. But since you texting her you don't know what and ask out her . If not for advances in technology people could make me right decisions. @PERCENT4 of texters say they have miss interpreted others texts. this means bad decisions all accross the world. @PERCENT1 also say have particifated in same of sexting like ther sending peictures a language. Underage children are participating in illegal activity because of advances in technology chief crimes head of the police department in @ORGANIZATION1 says that ever since the invention of the cell phone with the ability to send pictures & text he has need @NUM6 more cases on child pornography. @PERCENT5 of @CAPS5 people are under the age of without me advances of technology for cellphones this wouldn't even be possible for minors. Advances in cellular device has also kept families farmer & farmer apart. @PERCENT6 of parents sya that their children have had me some appreciation & lease that they had before they recieved cell phones. And @PERCENT1 of kids wine have cell phones say they don't think they need their family interaction anymore. Do you believe this is the message to be school to future generations? I thank you for reading this article and I hope you are now experiencing the other side of the debate children need to interact with their families more, enjoy nature and start exercising. This is impossible to do with the advances of technologe."