"Dear readers, On the current debate of the effects of computers, I believe they strongly benefit all people. For example on some computers a business software can be incorporated, allowing a meeting to be help over the computers. Not only is it convienent, but this saves money. Also, computers come with built in programs that can help keep track of you expenses. These are simple and save lots of time. Plus, computers also help you stay in touch with friends. Even if they are @NUM1 miles away you can click a button and have a live video chat! First off, the business software on new computers are out of this world. You can make a brochure of sales and expenses, all with an easy stroke on the mouse. This is a cheaper and greener way of presenting ideas. Furthermore, on the computer you and all you clients can hold a conference call. Doing this allows you to relax and multitask while your computer is feeding you coverage of the call in crystal-clear sound. Normally a phone would have to be glued to you ear but now you hands free. Another time where computers are handy is at tax time. Tired of running around your house to find you car bill from three months ago? Well, with a spreadsheet software like @ORGANIZATION1, taxes can be calculated in along with their name, so when you take the taxes to tax consultant, everything is organized. Using these tools cut down an stress and leaves you less frustrated. And even better, you can buy a tax program for you computer, so you never have to leave your couch! Think about, paying somebody to count your taxes year after year, when you can save a fortune and do it yourself. Above all, computers help you connect with old friends who have moved away or parted ways earlier in life. Now, the internet contains many social networking sites, such as @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 where you can reunite with lost pals. These networks also offering access to photosharing and chat, so everybody can see how your family is and vice versa. Along with this is video chatting, where you can have face to face conversation with somebody even on the other side of the world. This is totally private, so it isn't dangerous to say names of family members or their locations. The internet truly is an amazing tool! To conclude, the internet holds a very strong role in our daily lives. Not only can we see who man the @ORGANIZATION2 game, but it also has interactive business softwares as well. Never again will work be so difficult. Also, the computer has programs to help you manage expenses, keeping you on top of your game. Finally, it is also helpful for all the tools that can be used to interact with friends thousands of miles away. I believe the computer is critical for success and happiness in life. It's a new age, let's adapt to it."