"Dear Local Newspaper, I feel that negative effects of computers on people is much greater than the positive effects. Computers have caused a massive amount of obesity in the @LOCATION1 and that number is growing everday. Computers can also be time-consuming and people could spend hours and even days on a computer without doing anything else. Lastly, computers can be dangerouis to many kids and could even end up in death. I feel that xomputers are too harmful for society and should be stopped. Obesity is @CAPS4 of the biggest problems in the @LOCATION1 and is growing bigger everyday. Over @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION1 population is obese and computers have been a major conributer. Put yourself in the mind of a computerf addicy. It is dinner time and you are hungry, but you don't want to lose too much time off of your computer. You hurry down to the nearest fast-food store and by yourself a cheeseburger, fries, and a soda. You then go back to your house and eat the food while on your computer. Not only is the fast-food bad for you, but you dont even give your body a chance to burn @CAPS7 those calories and carbohydrates that you just ate by exercising. Computer addicts do this almost everyday and before they know it, they are. @NUM1 pounds! In addition, people who thier hand-eye coordination can do it in every other ways than just going on a Computers contribute to a large portion of the obese population, but they also can be extremely time-consuming. People on computers waste a huge amount of their timer. These people stay on thier computers for hours amd sometimes they dont even realize it. They say ""@CAPS1, let my check my email. @CAPS1 look, I recieved a @CAPS2! @CAPS1, let me just change my @CAPS3 acconut."" @CAPS4 thing thing another and @CAPS7 of a madden, @NUM2 or @NUM3 hours have already passed by. People who stay on computers @CAPS7 day waste precious time could be spent with family, exercising, or finding a true love. Time is sao precious in our lives and we must not waste it staying o a computer @CAPS7 day. Not only can they be time consuming, computers can also be dangerous. Kids around the country are being killed, raped, and bulled @CAPS7 to computers. They show thier pictures on chat sites, give away too much information, and enough. They have a critical knocking on their front door. Also, those been who suicide because they were bulled on the @CAPS5. Cyberbullying can be just as harmful. If not more harmful, than vregular bullying. These kids fare such strong mental and emotional harm that they make bad decisions, including suicide, and @NUM4 in school. In addition, there can be explicit content on the @CAPS5, including pictures and video that can harm a child's young mind The danger of computer is so great than they should be @CAPS7 in @CAPS7 computers are too risky for whivh is why they shouldn't be a time consuming. Lastly they can be extremely dangerous to children. Because of these should be banned from @CAPS7 society for the well- using of the @LOCATION1"