"Dear local newspaper, I has come to my attention that many of us disagree on weather computers have a negative or positive effect on people. I believe that computers do not benefit society. Many people in today's modern world spend way to much time on the computer when they could be exercising, spending time with family and friends, and enjoying nature. Read on and I am sure you will agree. First of all, computers are becoming a problem in society because they interfear with our physical well being. The @LOCATION1 is continuingly growing. Not in our population but the size of our people! According to a recent survey @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 people in the @LOCATION1 are overweight or obease. ""The main culprit of the @ORGANIZATION2's percent of obeasity is not over eating it is actually electronics! Especially things like computers."" said @PERSON1 a surgean at @ORGANIZATION1, after dealing with a severe case of obesity. Obesity is not a hard thing to get rid of. All we have to do is instead of sitting for hours staring at a screen. America needs to get outside! It can be as simple as riding a bike or taking your dog for a walk. Whatever you do just get off your computer and go outside or the gym for exercise! Secondly, computers interfere with family and friends. I know from personal experience that parents hate it when their kids will miss family dinner or won't go out with their friends because they ""need"" to finish the next level on their game or they ""need"" to look something up on the internet. Family and friends should be a very important thing in your life but unfortunatly, for most people it is not. Psycologist, @PERSON2 has discovered that overall, having family and friends that you can count on beside you will make you a much happier more enjoyable person."" @CAPS1 eliminating computers from our lives we will create a happy and more pleasent society for the people of the @LOCATION1. Doing everyone a favor. Furthermore, if we cut back on our hours on the computer we will have a better chance to expeirence the wonder's mother nature has to offer us. Most people don't realize how much they are missing @CAPS1 not going outside. There are amazing things, right in your own backyard, that you will probably never get to expeirience because you are too addicted to playing on the computer. @NUM3 years ago people were able to function fine with out computers so we should be able to too. @PERCENT1 of people have never even been camping! So next time you feel like spending another @NUM4 hours on the computer, take a walk and I'm sure you will be amazed at what you find outdoors. In conclusion, computers do not benefit society. They just keep people away from going outside, enjoying nature and spending time with family and friends. I hope I have convinced you to see my side of the argument and thank you for your time."