"Dear computer experts, @CAPS1 this: A family of four is sitting in a small dark room, not talking, not laughing, just sitting lazily in their chairs, hunched over & bored. They aren’t communicating with any of their friends, and aren’t really doing anything at all. They sit there like lumps. This would happen @CAPS5 we banned computers! Computers defenetly have positive effect on people because they feed you a constant stream of knowlage, they develop good hand eye coordination, and they enable the people who use them to communicate with others. Clearly, they are a positive addition to our world. To begin, computers bring you constant a stream of knowlage. My close friend @PERSON1 told me recently that she is sometimes sitting at home, and doing her homework, and she needs to look up something. She simply grab her computer, and the information is delivered to her with the click of a button. @CAPS5 she didn’t have a computer sheld never obtain such knowlage. Second, in a survey of @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 of total computer usage is looking up information, and gaining knowlage. This statistic shows that computers defenetly help them when looking for information. Also a recent @ORGANIZATION3 article on computer usage states that @CAPS5 people didnt have computers, half of the world’s discoveries would not be around today. You can tell that the amount of knowlage that computers give us is very important! Next, using computers builds hand eye coordination as well. Children’s specialist @PERSON3 says, “@CAPS4 need to be able to play video games, even though they are usually discouraged on the computer. They build fantastic hand eye coordination, and help with many things including @ORGANIZATION1 & sports.” @CAPS5 there were no computers, this hand eye coordination could never developed! Also, at @ORGANIZATION2 in @LOCATION1, they limited computer use, and as a result of it, the sports teams there all got losing records. Could this be because of the lack of hand eye coordination of those students? Additionally, at @ORGANIZATION1, after a recent survey, it was discovered that @NUM1 students who play video games on their computers do better in gym class because of the added hand eye coordination. Clearly computers greatly build hand eye coordination. Lastly, using computer allows people to communicate with each other through email & other social networks. After a poll from www.@CAPS6.com, we have discovered that millions of users use the computer & @CAPS6 to communicate everyday. We wouldn’t want to deny them of this, would we? Secondly, a friend of mine, @PERSON2, who goes to @ORGANIZATION4, says that the main way that she communicates with her friends & makes plans with them is by computer. @CAPS5 she didn’t have one, none of this could be done. Furthermore, a recent article by @PERSON4 a teen specialist at @ORGANIZATION5 says that when people don’t have computers & can’t communicate or talk to the outside world, they are more prone to diseases & sickness like depression or anorexia. When they don’t talk as much with their friends, these sicknesses are more prone to occur. This defenetly shows that communicating with computers is very important. Now, @CAPS1 this. The same family as before is sitting in bright, sunny room their computer screens flashing merrily. One of the boys calls out, “hey, look at his “ and the rest of his family rushes to his side. Their faces aglow with this @ORGANIZATION3 information. You can see that computers have a positive effect on people because they bring @ORGANIZATION3 information, they build hand eye coordination, and they allow you to communicate with others. So, computer specialists, what are you waiting for? Go to your computers right now & learn some @ORGANIZATION3 things!"