"Computers have been one of technoligy's greatest advances, and yet one of society's downfall. Originally thought to spread ideas and faraway places, computers have been proven to do quick the contrary. Computers are dangerous devices, and are targeting young, wholesome kids. It is the main reason why society is today, predicting that this future generation is wobbling on an unsteady and weak foundation. These devices, the source of this mayhem, must immediately be removes from society because they take away the true benefits of life, have harmful effects on our health, and support some of the country's deadliest predators. Firstly, computers are linked with the crime of stealing the pleasures of childhood. Since @DATE1, the amount of adolescent users has shot up @PERCENT1. Amazing ly enough, @PERCENT2 of parents polled admitted that their children spend at least @NUM1 hours on the computer everyday. This takes away the pleasures or reading, exercising, spending time outside and hnging with friends and fmaily. These negative effects have an unhealthy toll on society, especially teenagers, the most frequent users. As a result diet and exercise are curtailed, raising the obesity number by @PERCENT3, and lock of ourdoor or family activities have promoted anti-social @CAPS1 this alarming rate out fufture generation @MONTH1 indeed be balancing on a cracked foundation. In addition to limiting diet and exercise, computers are also the source of yet another act. As long as the computers are plugged, they emit invisible wares of electromagnetic radiation. These waves are linked to diseases and cancers. Use of computers have to cause brain-tumors and leukemia, asw ell as brain disorder and cancers. Leukemia, when caused at a young age, is difficult to cuse and stants the child's development. Children exposed to at least @NUM2 hours a day to @ORGANIZATION1 compared to the few who spend their time outdoors are @NUM3 times as likely to develop such possibilities. The ultimate prevention to such risjs is to to the rest of such causes, computers and it completely. Lastly, computers are harmful because they also a deadly we open. As an adolescent unthinkingly says the web and chtrooms, they are at risk of atteck by thousands of children predators prowling the web. Computers contain extremely valuable and secret information, such as names, birthdates, genders and even social security numbers. With one click, acfepting a strongers inivte, the online predators hack into the child's computer and obation such valuable information. Or the predators @MONTH1 be less postive and attack directly-asking questions to the child themselves. In fact, a familiar story tells the unfortunate fare of one local @CAPS2 girl, who unknowingly chatted with an online stranger. This online predator smoothly invited her to the mall, where they moved. A couple devastating, weeks later, the girl's reamin in were found, burned, as the last deadly act the predator performed on the teen. Three for, computers are simply too dangerous, a predator's thumbbook as they search for their next victim. by removing the computer, you eliminate the threats online predators pose for your child and you as well. It is amazing to learn that technology's greates advanvcement, the computer, can unleash such harmful effects. Lack of engaging activities such as exercising and reading are stunded by the ever distracting computer its electromagnetic radiation attacks our health and lastly, it supports the acts of the thousands of cruel, sneaky online predators awaiting your child on the web. By removing the source of all these troubles, those acts can be prevented and society @MONTH1 begin to the pain for reform."