"Dear @CAPS1 of the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4, computers are a wonderful tool and they bear many positive impacts on society first, computers have created numerous @CAPS2 forms of communication. Also, they have enable us to create a @CAPS2 age in research. In addition, computers have given us amazing @CAPS2 ways to entertain ourselves computers have a incredibly positive effetct on people. One reason why computers have such a positive effect on humans, is that we have developed many @CAPS2 ways to communicate with people all over the world. First, one fantastic program such as @CAPS5 (instant messaging) has given us the amazing ability to hold a conversation with one or more people any where in the world, and be able to respond within an instant. In a recent survey @PERCENT1 of people said that they prefer instant messaging over any other type of communication beside face to face talking, second, most computers come with webcams built in now, so you can actually see the person you are communicating with. I had friend move recently, and we are able to see what each other are doing and remain friends even though we don't live in the same town, and I'm sure a similar experience has occured to you or someone you know. Finally, the popular program of facebook has changed communication forever. People can now see things go on in your info whereever want. Although some it has a wonderful computers have established incredible ways of communication. A second reason computers positively import people is that they have created a numerous research. One example would be our phenomenon search engine, google. Google to almost everything with help people in finding schools now use computer resources such us @CAPS6 which allow in research to the fact that there is so much availbale on the. In addition, computers have created many opportunities for people to learn more because of the billions of web you in existance studies have shown that @PERCENT2 of people have found a website conataining information relevant to their research that was than a book. Computer are the reason that research has contuined to thrive and @CAPS2 continue to be made. Finally, computers have established amazing @CAPS2 entertainment for people of all ages. First, video websited such as youtube have created a place for people to watch music videos and creative films just to enjoy themselves. If you can't get tickets to a concert you want going online to watch music videos by that person is a much cleaper alternative, second, jaming websites are a less expensive, but if you go online you can play similar games at no charge. Finally websites with appropriate funny stories posted on them are a fantastic way to get the laughter of a comic, without leaving your couch wouldn't you prefer to stay home, rather than going out when it isn't necessary? computers are an incredible way to achieve quick, un expensive entertaiment in todays economy. In conclusion, computers impact proper in many positive ways. they're established now forms of communication, research and entertainment that will forever change society. Therefore, I invite you to join me to demonstrate the icrredible strenght of computers."