"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3, walking into a room seeing people interacting with their computer screen I earning new and exciting, information they can everyday. The question is what effects do computers have on people? I certainly think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and peapre, and even allow people to talk online with others. Computers can definetly have a positive on soriety. Computers have tought a very valueable to every user; hand-eye coordination! Whetver it's clicking a link to a site that you found on @ORGANIZATION2, or playing the matching same of bejeweled, you are learing hand-eye coordination. A cording to recent studies, over @PERCENT1 of people interviewed said they had excellent hand-eye coordination and @PERCENT2 said it was on the computer. Sure we all need to get exercise outside, but the computer can be helpful as long as we don't let it overwelm us. Smart people would agree that coordination is a very helpful skill. These brilliant inventions also helps us learn a bout different places and people. Picture this scenario if you will; A student at @ORGANIZATION1 has to do a project on the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in the @LOCATION1. He goes to the library to check out the encyclopedias but... they are out of date. He then goes to the computer lab and finds it on @ORGANIZATION2 like that! This scenario shows that the computer is one of the fastect ways to get information on any subject or topic. Certainly text sources can give the same accurate information, but the computer is fast and easy. When you need information on the line. But why stop there? not only can you get information on certain people and places on these machines, you can also learn what's the newest fads, what's carrently happening in @LOCATION2, and the latest @CAPS6 gossip. The computer is definetly a easy sources for information on different areas and people. This amazing device can also let you talk to people online! There are many ways to do this. You can use the old-fashioned @CAPS7-mail, you can use a device in the @CAPS8 called someone. You of course need a @CAPS9 to do thank one. I remenber a time when I was bored so I decided to do my homework. The problem was I forgot what it was! I quickly grabbed the phone and called my class mate but he didn't answer. I then sprinted to my computer and to see if he was online. Sure enough he was! I got the home work and got an A all thanks to the computers ability to interact with others."