"People should ues computers, they do benefit to society. More and more people use them @DATE1 and agree that these vertual portals of information and comunication are extremely helpful. Think about it, paper is made out of trees and of coarse to get the paper you must cut down the tree first, and then have it an through a whole wasteful process to get that paper.If everyone used computers we wouldn't have to cut down those beautifully, lush trees. And also, have you ever needed to get information fast? Well instead of going through a book and possibly searching for hours, finding that information on the internet would be so much faster! Lastly, in the future everything will eventually be run with computers, they are the then now and later! They'll never get old! Computers are extremly helpful with endless information. A lot of people @DATE1 are very sensitive about our enviroment and how we're treating the earth. They are looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible. An easy alternitive for paper is a computer. Once for school i was assigned a paper; i looked up the information on the computer easily, typed it up, and sent it by email to my teacher. Not a single peice of paper had been used! Ok so i know, computers use up a lot of energy, but to be honest they don't have to. Many people around the world use solar panels to gain their energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, etc.! The use of computers is extremely eco friendly and like i said before is a great alternitive to our everyday wasteful use of paper and pencil. Do you want to look up information fast? Well on the computer you can! All you do is type in what you need in a search engine and @CAPS1! you have the info you need! Instead of using a book (which wastes trees) to slowly find your information you can use a simple computer to do the job. A poll was token and shows that @PERCENT1 of students at @CAPS2 @CAPS3 school who use the computer to look up information get faster and more accurate results! Do you want that or slow information found in a boring book? The future is not far away. It is already @DATE2 and we are using the computer for so much. Ok so the computer does show to cause distractions and headaches if used too long, but it is a great invention of the future. Instead of going to a restaurant and ordering off we'll order of computers/touch screans. More and more people are coming up with beter and faster computers. Everyone is using computers and love it and they will difenetly be used in the future. I hope you see how amazing computers can be. They're enviomentaly useful and a great alternitive to paper, they help you find the information you need fast, and proffesor grant states"" i do all my work on the computer, without it i would be lost."" And lastly they are the future of our world! They are the then now and later of the technical world."