"Dear @CAPS1 of my local newspaper, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. These boxes can be harmful to their users' eyes. In addition, they lead to less interaction with real people. Finally, they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle. Computers are harmful to our society. For starters, computers are harmful because they are very bad for our eyes. Between the @DATE1 @DATE2 and @DATE3, doctors saw nearly a @PERCENT1 increase in eye problems that resulted in either surgery, glasses, or contacts. This can be directly associated with the overuse of personal computers. Also, studies have shown that common citizens who use these cootraptions for over four hours each day end up with an extremely deteriorated vision by the age of @NUM1. Finally, @CAPS2 @CAPS3 stated that overuse of computers have led to a very negative affect on the eyesight of their workers. It can be seen, how work gets done faster, however the cost of medical treatments actually surpasses the little extra profit gained by modernizing. Secondly, computers are harmful because they lead to less time being with real people. To begin with, studies have shown that people simply dont learn as much about their peers by talking to them through a box. Also, a study by the @ORGANIZATION1 has shown that there are roughly @PERCENT2 fewer conversations at social gatherings than just @DATE1. This is alarming because at that rate people @MONTH1 never get to know each other and the world @MONTH1 become an electronically based workspace. Finally @PERSON1, social relations professional, stated that people end up with a lack of understanding when they cant feel the emotion a person has when he/she is speaking. Sure, you can video chat, but that still does not convey the real feeling behind a persons words. Finally, computers are harmful because they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle. To begin with, the lack of fresh air obtained by sitting indoors all day is very bad for lungs and can lead to premature breathing problems. Also, average people get @PERCENT3 fewer workouts, according to @CAPS4s @CAPS5, which was not likely directly influenced by overuse of computers. Finally the obesity rate has risen from next to nothing to over @NUM2 in the past ten @DATE1. Research showed that the majority of the obese patients spent excessive time on their little boxes of ten. While you might feel that this is not completely due to computers, it has been proven time and time again that these machines are the main reason behind the worlds currently unhealthy lifestyle. Personal computers have a very negative effect toward the society of today. This technology has resulted in very poor eyesight in the general public. In addition, they lead to a much lower amount of social interaction. Finally, they end up forcing people into an unhealthy lifestyle. So, let the word out that computers are bad for society, and try to make the world a better place to live."