"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 technology majors support that the use of computers have a positive effect on people and I agree with them. I believe the use of computers are a necesity for social interaction, homework, research, and are a great source of entertainment on a rainy day. After a long day at school @CAPS1 teens go from the bus, to the front door, to their computer chair. In fact, @PERCENT1 of must teens do so. Odds are they're logging into facebook, myspace, formspring, @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2, and other socially interactive websites. With good time management I actually find these websites important. I think facebook and e-mail and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ( @CAPS5) are a great way to be socially interactive. It's also a great way to keep in touch with long distance family or friends. I go to @DATE1 camp and have made friends I call my family. Some of them being across the ocean in @LOCATION2. Seeing as how I can't make long distance calls which would cost way too much money, facebook is a geat alternative to keep in touch. @CAPS1 of my family also live far away. For example, my aunt, uncle and cousin in @LOCATION1. My aunt just had a baby, meaning I have a new cousin which I'm not able to see in person yet so seeing pictures on facebook instead of spending money on envolopes, stamps and picture prints is really awesome @CAPS1 homework given out in school requires a computer. Three out of five homework assignments are on the computer. Whether it be taking a twenty question test to defining a word the computer is a schoolwork necesity. In school now many projects are assigned meaning we need the computer and internet. We use powerpoint and other microsoft documents whether it be typing an essay or creating a powerpoint slideshow. We need the internet for research to get the information we need, to suceed. Aside from interacting with other humans and researching and typing the computer holds many more wonders. Many people believe people are spending way too much time on the computer. While this @MONTH1 be true for some people it is not true for @CAPS1. Many people are concerned children are becoming lazy but in a recent vote @NUM1 out of @NUM2 mothers said they'd radther see their children playing and interacting on the computer then being a couch patato and watching @CAPS6. On a rainy day the computer can be a great alternative. You can slide in a @CAPS7 and watch a movie or play a game or even research something new and learn about it. @NUM3 out of @NUM2 @CAPS8 have at least two computers in the house for a reason. They're important to @CAPS1 people everyday lives. The computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends. You also need to computer for school almost all the time and on a rainy day its a great alternative then being lazy a watching @CAPS6 while your eyes fall asleep. I do believe computers have a positive effect on people."