"Dear Readers, Computers have a large presence in the world today. Most people in the @LOCATION1 have at least one and the number grows still. These computers are bad for people. They cost a lot of money cause people to stop exercising and become unhealthy, and teach children that things come easy in life. Computers cost a lot of money. Between buying one, purchasing hardware and protection, and paying for maintanence, they are very expensive. Dr. @PERSON2, a computer science expert, claims, ""The average computer costs @MONEY1. There is then hardware that needs to be bought and replaced, along with antivirus programs and other protection. Now we could be talking about @MONEY2 at the very least. With yearly maintanence costing about @MONEY3 per year, you can see how expensive these machines really are."" @CAPS1 out of every ten computer owners in a recent survey stated that they had to service their computers within the last three months. Thats a lot of many going toward fixing computers. But computers don't just cause money problems, there are health issues too. Computers take a lot of time away from people. When a computer is used, the user doesn't move around or exercise. Computers are making people unhealthy. The obesity number in the @LOCATION1 has skyrocketed, but it's not just food, Some experts are now contributing computer use to lack of exercise, and therefore, obesity. Dr. @DR1 @CAPS2 says, ""@CAPS3 matter what you're doing on a computer, be it games or education, you would be better off outside, moving around, getting exercise. A recent study shows that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 families who purchased a computer in the last year have halved their exercise and play time. There are health problems created by computers, but they also teach the next generation that things come very easily. Computers are an excellent source of knowledge, but that could be a problem. It is a quite easy to find something out, or research a topic using a computer. Before computers became popular, people had to work and look for @CAPS4. Now that it is so easy, children @MONTH1 begin to think things come easily in life. @PERSON1, a pediatric psycologist, says, ""The mind of a child works in a such a way, that most things they encounter are absorted and become normal. If a child becomes use to the ease of searching an item on a computer, he will expect all things to be equally simple. If they are not he @MONTH1 become frustated and not be able to do what is needed."" @NUM3 out of @NUM4 poll takers agree that finding @CAPS4 on the computer is quite easy. What are the children of the world being taught? Life is easy, a false statement. Computer use is a growing problem. It costs ridiculous amounts of money, causes health problmes, and poisons the minds of children to believe that life is an easy thing. Computers are bad for the people of the world, they take our money, our health and the minds of our children."