"Dear Local newspaper, @CAPS1 a world filled with gargantuan people seated at a moniter, their eyes staring at it blankly. Outside the city streets are deserted, save for the squirils running along fence posts. This is what will happen if people spend to much time on the computers. People will spend less time exercising, less time outdoors enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. This is why computers have a drastic negative affect on people. First of all, people send huge amounts of time on their computers and small amounts of time exercising. In a recent poll done by @ORGANIZATION3 magazine, it stated that @PERCENT1 of people between the ages of @NUM1 and @NUM2 prefer to be online rather than outside exercising. That article also states that since @DATE3, child obesity has increased by @PERCENT2! @PERSON2 of @ORGANIZATION1 at @ORGANIZATION4 states that  the reason child obesity has increased so much is because children spend so much time in front of the computer and less time outdoors. Do you want this rate to increase in the next ten years? Secondly, spending so much time inside decreases the time you spend outside enjoying nature. Bird watches monthly has had a decrease in subscriptions the @DATE1 because people are not interested in nature anymore. In a study done by @PERSON1 and his collegues at @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 spend almost @PERCENT3 more time indoors infront of electronic devices, most frequently computers, then they do out doors. @PERSON3 says, @CAPS4 to the new advancements in technology, people are to spend more time indoors than outdoors and that percentage will most likely increase as the decade proceeds. Finally, spending so much time in front of the computer leaves you less time to interact with family and friends. In @DATE4 more than @PERCENT4 of family ate dinner together now, only @PERCENT5 eat together usually because they are in separate rooms in front of a moniter. This also leads to higher crime rate, believe it or not. Because young children and adolescents dont have the person to support and guide them because they dont spend time together @CAPS4 to the frequent use of computers, there is a @PERCENT6 chance that child will commit a crime compared to the @PERCENT7 chance a child would in @DATE5. Do you want that for our youth? Now @CAPS1 a world where people jog together in the park, as they jog, they see a group of bird watchers huddled together under a tree. As the joggers proceed, they come to a pavilion and see a big family celebrating the @DATE2 of a family member. This happy thought wont become a reality if people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising ,enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. So, local newspaper I encourage you, to encourage others, to get outside and spend less time infront of the computer. You have the power to make a difference in your real lives. But the question is, will you?"