"Dear @CAPS1 Society: Computers are perhaps one of the greatest improvements to our societies advancement in knowledge in the past few decades. These gems of future, are like a human being; they have their own mind and can figure out answers to all problems. People all around the world use them, from @LOCATION5 to @LOCATION4, to @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1, they are being used. People from ages of school kids, to adults who have a job so highly appreciated as a chemist, use computers! Do you wish to be that one standing on the side lines, stuck in the past, not advancing with technology? From the creations of rockets, engines and planes; computers have never let us down. Still, the question is this: will computerized technology benefit our society or crash it down? Ever since the @DATE1, computers have been used as an ad for new information. The speed that they are able to recieve new information in is just astonishing! @CAPS2 @PERSON2, computer engenieer, says ""With the technology that we recieve from computers, we are able to be in the game."" @CAPS2 just comes to show one of the best benefits of computers: their ability to display the most current information. Now, I can see how books are an excellent resource in society, and how they provide for amazing information, however it takes years to publish books! With the use of a computer, information that occured sometimes as close to @NUM1 hours ago can appear on the internet! Not only will this allow you to get information faster, but it will allow our society to ""be in the game."" You catch a football as it soars through the air, you track a baseball or it flys high in the sky, you grasp the face of a basketball all because you have ""hand-eye"" coordination. Hand-eye coordination is perhaps one of the most neccessarry aspects of life that a person can have. Face it, everybody needs it! So why not help your body to get that talent: buy a computer. Imagine, our society would advance in it's sports and even just with life if they learn how to coordinate themselves. Did you know that @NUM2 out of @NUM3 people who owned a computer and typed daily were able to catch all three tennis-balls that were thrown at them! You could do that too! When typing on a computer, human development observers states, your eyes a free tracked on the screen and you train your hands to manuvor about the keys all by themselves. Just as in basketball, when you train your hand to track the bounce of the ball without you needing the need to catch it. I can remember when I started typing, my hands began to naturally find the keys without me having to look at them. And the next day at basketball practice I felt like @CAPS3 amazing point-guard @PERSON1, the ball just came straight to my hand! Get this need of life, invest in a computer! Money @MONTH1 be the most vital thing in our society right now. With profits as low as medium wage, our local area is not that ""rich."" I can see how it could be hard, having to purchase these computers at prices as high as @MONEY1 each. But then just think, each book that we won't have to purchase would save us @NUM4 each. Not only do computer's stand to last @NUM5 longer than any paperback, their information is always new, changing, and up-to-date. In order for us to be purchasing new books because of recent information would end up coasting as more in the long-run. Our neighboring society of @LOCATION3 just invested in over @NUM6 comptuers for their society. The stated that it took onlyt @NUM7 months to get the money back that they had purchased on the computer's with the amount that had not purchasing book! Now just imagine how much money our society would gain after @NUM8 year! It is necessary for our society to have computers. With them we not only learn hand-eye coordination but we invest in more money for the. And now with so many things happening in the world it is important to recieve information instantely from these computers. I can't stress enough that without them we just @MONTH1 be less in the rest. Dreams of incrediable rockets and medicines and cures far diseases just won't happen. Computers rise perhaps the only thing that actually benefits our society. You must understand how important this technology is to our society! But, int the long-run, the decision is yours is make. Choose quickly, the fate of our society is in your hands."