"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, A resent concern has built up among experts that computers @MONTH1 have negitive affects on the society. I do not agree with this. Computers ease life, teach you about faraway places and people, and finaly you can chat with others. I belive computers can only benifit a society. As previously mentioned, computers ease the hassels of life. With computers you are able to plan your life with @CAPS1 output. This program ables you to enter data on places you have to go and reminds you when time is done to that event. With this program you will never forget where you have to go. Also, with the computer you are able to gather information at extreamly high speeds. Supose you are doing a research project in school on types of cars, you just enter cars on @ORGANIZATION3 and get millions of results. this save much time than going on the librery and finding a book. This can take up to on how . Finally, with a couputer handy there are programs for special needs people to wright. New programs such as @ORGANIZATION2 word have a special function called voice commands. This lets a person who can not wright because of blindness or a disability speek to the computer what he or she wants to wright. In an istant it will pop up on the screen. Computer ease peples' lifes jarasticly. Besides esing lifes, computers teach you about far away places and people. pictures on a computer give one a first hand acount of how a far away place is like. Insead of just reading about it you can see it. Acording to time magazine if a person sees a place they will learn more by @PERCENT1 than reading an encyclopedia. As well as pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in a regular day in that place and how they feel about it. This is another first hand acount of the place. Finally, ebooks on the internet give you a large amount of information. Ebooks are books but in an internet format. These books inclued encyclopedias that give statistics and, pores, and events that are in the far of place. For example if you are planning a trip you can learn where to eat and where to get entertained. you can learn about far of places and people in them with computers. Lastly, with computers you can talk to people around the world. you can talk to friends. Have you ever moved and wanted to talk to a friend from where you previously lived? Now you can esily do so with video chat. Not ownly can you talk to someone you can see them. i remember @NUM1 years ago when I moved to @LOCATION1, I mised my friends in @LOCATION2 so i video chted them. As well as talking to friends, one can have a bussness meating around the world with out having to traval out of your town. For example if a company wanted to make a trading agreement with another company in @LOCATION3 they could do so with a click of a mouse. This will save time and money of travaling. Also you can talk to others online to get a feel of what happened. For example @CAPS2 a few weeks ago, video chated many people in @LOCATION4 to undersand now bad conditions were after earth quake. You can talk to people with ease with an computer availible. In conclusion, I believe computer are benifical to a society. They ease life, teach people about far away places and the people who live there, and alow people to talk to others. Computers open doors in the world. Computers help the society a great deal."