"The innovation of computers was a great leap into discovery. Unfortunately, the negative aspects of this magnificent invention detract from the novelty. With the computer came a plague of not exercising and a disinterest in, perhaps even an inabilty to enjoy nature. On top of this destruction of the mind, this monster is the cruel cause of many declining relationships for who has time for friends and family while in the middle of an internet game? As unique and intriguing as the computer might be, it is slowly destroying the mind. Increasing interest in a monitor tends to result in decreasing care for exercise as well as a decline in the amount of exercise gotten each day. While playing on the computer, the mind @MONTH1 be racing but the body sits unmoving, @CAPS1 activity is being done. Indeed, for some the addiction is awful enough that the person only moves to get food, use a restroom, go to bed or when a parent demands it. All of the day's food settles into the stomach and little to none of it is burned off. Meanwhile, in some of the more severe cases the person is so entranced that bedtimes are pushed later. Sleep is essential to the body and mind and going without can be damaging. Nowadays the computer detracts from the sleep and exercise that the body requires. Even nature suffered from the advent of computers. Fewer people went out to admire its beauty. Nature is a wonderful teacher about the circle of life and the natural way of the world. Oftentimes parallels can be drawn between the wild and the tamed. Attached as people are to computers, they cannot experience the world to the fullest. Some argue that flora and fauna can be found online, but seeing a picture is different, almost cheating, compared to being beside the plant, able to study it from all angles rather than in an unmoving form. The experience is not the same. Also, computers are indoors, so the true world is chielded from view. Even nowadays with laptops if one was to be brought outside, the user would be focusing on the screen, not what is around them. Computers have severely cut down on the admiration of nature. Even family and friends suffer when computers are around. Many people barely pay attention to conversation while focusing on the screen. They tend to onlypretend to listen half the time. Even when chatting with friends online, the conversation is disjointed because attention is probably focused on another part of the internet. Frequently, during conversations without a computer nearby, the mind is focused on something from earlier that day. Relationships are suffering, and computers are at fault. Computers are sucking in society, more of it each day. Much of what is done on computers, like the study of faraway places, can easily be found in books. Computers have resulted in a lack of exercise, less time with nature, strained relationships, and a generally unhealthy lifestyle. Through all of this, they have returned little to society. Why does the world continue to put up with computers and their negative effect on humanity?"