"@ORGANIZATION1, ore and more people use computers @DATE1, but this is not necessarily a good thing. Spendign too mcuh time on computers affects your activity level. Also. Kids are now staying up later on the compute, in turn lowering grades. Finally, spending too much time on the computer decrease the amount of time spent with friends and family. Firstly, spending too much time on the computer affects your activity level. The more time spent has on a computer, the less time a person has to do something active, like exercising @PERCENT1 of people spend more than @NUM1 @NUM2 hours on the computer per day, if @NUM3 or so hours were used to exercise or play a sport that number would decrease to @PERCENT2 according to a recent study. Doctors have said that at least @PERCENT3 of overweight parents spend most o ftheir time on the computer, thus limiting their time exercising. The amount of spent on the computer has been shown to decrease activity level and effect the number of overweight and obese people everywhere. If we want to become a healthier country, we should state @CAPS5 writing time spent on computers. Also kids now stay up later on computers and lower then grades @CAPS5 doing so. More time spent on @CAPS1 or anywhere on the @CAPS2 means less time studying, which means lower grades. Kids in spent an average of @NUM3 @NUM2 hours on the computer each day, while kids spend @NUM6 @NUM2 hours each day. A student in @PERSON2 saw their grades improve from a @CAPS3+ to a @CAPS4+ just @CAPS5 spending less time on the computer and more. That studnet also felt more because they get more computer. This tests and quizzes. Computers clearly negative effect on grades and school work. Finally, computers limit the amount of time spent with family nd friends. A student, @PERSON1, said that she, spent more time going out with friends now that computer isn't up all my time, @CAPS5 doing this, i have a better friendshhip with all my friends than before. ""A kid that uses the computer during all of the free time spends @PERCENT4 less time with friends than someone who usues it in moderation. Afmilies also suffer from this a swell. If a family member spends all their time on the computer, the other family members will have less of a relationship with them because they don't talk or do anything together an dwill likely not know what is going on i their life or if something is wrong. As you can tell, computers also have a negative effect on relationships with family and friends. The overuse of computers does nnot benefit society. They affect a persons activity level, students grades and most importantly a persons realtionships with family and friends. In oredr to ake our country a better and healthier place, we must the time spent on computers."""