"Almost every family has access to a computer. They have become a part of life and a way to be a part of life outside of your house, even if you have to stay at home. Computers are a source of vast knowledge from millions of sources. They have already caused exponential advancement. Overall, computers have a positive effect. on a rainy day, @NUM1 students will spend time on their computers. out of those students, @PERCENT1 will be on sites such as A.I.M.(@CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3), @CAPS4, @CAPS5, or @ORGANIZATION2. Even if they can't use their phone or get out of the house, they can communicate with friends, old and new. Teens and adults use the @CAPS6 to talk in friends they haven't seen for up to @NUM2 years. People will talk to eachother more, building more relationships and better conversational skills. Over @NUM3 of the sites used by teens are based on @CAPS8 networking. To be able to easily have a conversation with someone miles away is a sign of tremendous advancement. @ORGANIZATION1 is a multi-million dollar company. @PERSON1, a for @ORGANIZATION1, says that sites like @ORGANIZATION1 have skyrocketed in popularity over the @DATE1. More and more people are putting down their @PERSON2 dictionary to type the word into @LOCATION1, where it is accompanied by a pronunciation and found more easily. Students use computers for information on school reports in @CAPS7, @CAPS8 @CAPS9, @CAPS10, or @CAPS11. Information can be found in any subject. There was a survey taken to see which is used more often, books with a specific subject or computers for information or various subjects. Computers are used overwhelmingly more often. They're quicker than books and it's easier to search for a of resource an the @CAPS6. And say sight of particular interest or exceptionally usefull can be added to your favorites. Computers are more practical than books. Pictures of scientific laboratories where space shuttles are sent to the moon have @NUM4 main component computers. Adds from @ORGANIZATION3 show that they're computers are getting smaller and smaller. There's a laptop that will fit in an envelope and a handheld touch screen computer that can almost fit in your pocket. You can type papers and assignments so they're more ledgible. Computers can even score tests. Advancement is centered around computers. Before computers, so many things we do now would seem impossible. But computers open up a realm of possibilities. Typing is faster then hand-writing in some cases and papers can be saved electronically. If our country keeps advancing at the rate, than it is possible to have computers that do maindain chores such as taking out the trash or washing the dishes. There can be computers that talk bark to you like a real conversation. People can learn more and more information and personally advance in intelligence. I look at a computer and think of progress. There are points of computers that are not ideal, but overall, computers are benefitial to society. In a computer, you have access to friends old and new and information from millions of sources. Most of all, computers represent progress and advancement I see no direct harm from computers."