"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and kids of any age at this society, are way to focused on the latest technology. One piece of equptment that is affecting peoples lives, is the computer. We need to get rid of this habbit and learn to do different activites! People are spending way to much time on computers and less time enjoying nature excersing, and need to interact with friends and family more take the time to agree with me as I confront you on how the computer is taking over our lives! Is time flying you by? Are you overwhelmed, at how life passes you so quickley? Well, if you answered yes, stop the computer madness and head on outside! Your no enjoying nature! Nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 love oceans with pink sand. Who would want to miss this? @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2 complain that they rarely enjoy what life has to take on the outside of your house. Just think you won't be able to see the stupendous, the seasons changing, withought going outdoors. ""I want my @CAPS6, to experience the wide variety of nature as she grows old."" @CAPS5 of her daughter. Well, @MONTH1 I add, little @CAPS6 is not going to get much nature out of her, if she does not get her eyes unglued to the comuter screen! Yes, comuters, are very brilliant, and have lots to do, but if you want to be missing out on the new trees being discovered every day, be my guest! @PERCENT2 of all the population in the @LOCATION2 is overweight due to technology brought into our world. The greatest impart is the computer! high-paid physicians try and teach their parents at a young age, to go out and play sports - while excersing at the same time and nor to stay home and play videogames. Now you tell me, would you rather get a good healthy excersise, and have all the energy you need or would you like to slowy add on to your and gain issues as you the internet? I remember @DATE1, I grabred my nike hightops, and my pink ipod I started jogging at a slow while listening to my favorite song. Naturally by I felt amazing when my was complete going each day is as healthy as eating a bannana, @NUM1 apples, and cheese eery morning their healthy! ""@CAPS7 since technology has been a part of my life, my two daughters have not visited their grand parents in over @NUM1 years! This needs to step!"" @CAPS8 @PERSON1 to the press. Yes, comuters have ""online-talking"" devices such as @CAPS9, but if you are never going to spend quality time with family, this is a bad habbit. On @DATE3, @DATE2, my brother and I, were too busy on the computer, we missed a birthday party the family we are addicted to this device, and need to spend time with our loved ones. @PERCENT3 of all therapy computers have @CAPS2 into depresion and have been with their plains, due to the high amount of to do on this device and less time bonding with members of your Who would rather play on a old, gray, computer when you can have fun talking about you day and the game life with your family? @CAPS10's now a never! What will you choose? Do you agree that computers take over lives? If you try and prove me wrong just remember, nature is a big and many people are missing out on the advantage technology is taking over peoples excersing habbits, and many families are less bonding @CAPS10's up to you keep the population of @LOCATION1 in good hands!"