"Dear @CAPS1 of @LOCATION1, @CAPS2 the world having a network where people can connect, learn and work efficently. This wonderful network is here in our computers. Computers benefit society because they help @CAPS3 connect with far-away places, develop hand-eye coordination and get work done faster. In the days before computers we were isolated in our immediate area. @CAPS2 being stuck in our town unaware of the rest of the world, unable to enjoy the beauty of @LOCATION3 or send help to the starving people in @LOCATION2. @PERCENT1 of money donated to @ORGANIZATION1 an organization that assists in global disasters comes from online. Without the computer how would our willing people help the rest of the world, or even know about the rest of the world? Give our community the ability to reach out to the farthest parts of the globe, give them computers. Computers produce games and activities more intense than you can find anywhere else. Playing baseball simply doesn't require enough focus. The computer's intricate experience helps future engineers or even pilots develop a focus and hand-eye coordination that could save lives. @PERSON1, who trains the @CAPS3 air force weighs in on the effects of computers. ""They have made a great deal of positive impact."" he states. ""@CAPS4 soldiers have excellent eyes for controls and amazing reflexes, making them natural pilots."" @CAPS5't our community have the opportunity to excel as well? The computers we own train @CAPS3 as we use them to have reflexes and hand-eye coordination equal to the best of the military. Computers allow our lives to be just as enjoyable as they are meaningful by getting our work done faster. Before computers @CAPS7 and calculating took @PERCENT2 more time but now they get our work done quickly and without error. @NUM1 year old author @PERSON2 states ""@CAPS4 computer helps me type @CAPS4 writing a lot faster and it is done right more importantly."" @CAPS7 and typing is just more efficent when you are using a computer accountants, students and even the journalists for your own newspaper need the computer to work faster and more efficently. Don't stunt our community's workers, give them what they need computers! Computers are too important and beneficial to lose. Our community benefits from the computers that help @CAPS3 connect with far away places, give @CAPS3 hand-eye coordination and help @CAPS3 work quickly and correctly. So explain in your next article that we need our computers. Computers are necessary in our community and we would be last without them!"