"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 your life without computers. Writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a hassle. The question of whether or not computers are beneficial to society has risen in the media, where they argue that people spend less time exercising interacting with nature, and less time with their family. However, computers are a great step forward in modern science and are beneficial to communities. Computers have drastically helped out educationally at school, not to mention the easier way of connecting with friends and family. Also computers have so many different forms of entertainment. Computers are great step forward and are completely beneficial to our society. Firstly, computers have helped academically in our schools and at home. I can't even @CAPS1 the hassle of coming home with thee assignment or writing two essays, only to have to write it by hand! Wanting to get it over with would only cause me to rush, resulting in a bad grade. Also, think of the handwriting factor. Most kids in my school don't have good handwriting, and I am assuming that teachers have a hard time grading something they can't read. With programs such as @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS2, you are given the option of different fonts, colors, bolding, pictures, symbols, and so on. Another way computers have helped academically is in schools. More and more teachers are using computers to help us learn. Tests are taken on computers, websites to help us research are visited, and other @ORGANIZATION1 program such as powerpoint can be used for a project. Computers help a lot in school, while helping us learn so much more. Computers also help with keeping in touch with friends and family. The days of short letters are replaced with long emails with pictures attached, sent in a matter of seconds whizzing through the internet only to arrive on your friend's screen. People can save money by not having pictures developed but instead having them stored on their computer, ready to print onto boand paper. There adveances in communication through computers that have been made. Things such as cideo chat (vchat) where you can literally see and talk to the other person, or just audio chat where you can talk to the person, have been made. Such easy ways of communication motivate people to speak to family and friends and stay in touch. Computers have made a positive impact on community by havinf simple ways to talk to your loved ones. Computers can alos provide a fun source of entertainment on the web. Websites have been created where you can play games, find people from your past, or maybe just look out funny videos. Anything you type into your toolbar instantly transforms into a page of links websites where you con find details on your topic, or relative things one fun website is that of 'youtube'. This website lets people upload videos. The possibility are endless on the web. Another fun website is '@CAPS3'. This website is where you can 'friend' people you know from the past and interact with them. You can post viedos, write messages and such. As you can see, entertainment is everywhere on the web. The time is now to understand the full benefits of computers. Computers are a benefit to modern day society because they help academically, encourage you to stay in touch with family and friend, and provide entertainment. We should all understand that computers are a huge advance in science, and they are a great help, and also fun! "