"The effect computers have on humans is by far a positive one, and the outstanding intelligence computers provide must be embraced, not feared and avoided. Whether we like it or not, computers will be necessary to solve issues of the future. Besides, for personal usage, computers are highly beneficial. The main reason people fear computers is because of the dangers is radiates, which really isn't reasonable, when analyzed closely. To not use such a complex and developed system such as the computer is completely irrational, the computer is the future plain and simple. It is inevitable that the computer and technology related to that, paint the picture of the future of our world. Whether people like the concept or not, computers will be necessity to solve the problems and calamities that will wreak havoc on the world in time. Computers can predict natural disasters, and with that, people in the area of the catastrophe's destination can be evacuated. Lives can be saved. Computers can calculate, pollutional margins, and provide solutions to the large amount of pollution humans release in the air and @CAPS1. @ORGANIZATION1 Nature can be spared. So much more can be attained by putting the computer to full use. People must adapt to @LOCATION1 technology, or we will fall behind and watch our @CAPS1 slip away. This proves the effect computers have on people is not only positive, but necessary to advance in an ever-growing world. Stepping down to a less global level of effects and to a more personal level proves to also be beneficial to humans. Computers in most cases, do better work and create less error than humans themselves. Instead of requiring humans to work in dangerous locations such as deep water, computers can be sent down to visualize the before unattainable areas. Also, faster communication is extremely helpful in certain circumtances, such as an occurance in a workplace causing the area to be off-limits. As member of the workplace can simply e-mail his employer, informing them of the accuracy and preventing them from putting themselves in danger, or simply preventing men the trouble of a commute to work. Even from @LOCATION1 to @LOCATION2, with simply the press of ""@CAPS2"", people across the world can be of the accident. Foreign communication, specifically by means of instant messaging can strengthen our tie with other nations, in the fields of both business and government. Lastly, finding information, is so easy with a @CAPS3. Where would be without computers to find information rapidly? We would be still going to the library and checking out books, reading through page after page to find the information that would have taken less even a minute on a computer. Even a person agreed computer would have to admit that to be highly beneficial. As you can see, on even a less global level of use, the computer still proves to have a positive effect on its users. The one thing, parents especially, that fuels the negative opinion on computers is safety and reliability. When these two topics are analyzed, it is so simple to eliminate unreliability and danger of the computer. Installing a program of which there are infinite to choose from, that allows ""good"" websites to be viewed, and ""bad"" on potentially dangerous @CAPS4 to be binded. This eliminates all that is heard about on-line interactions and activity gone bad. Even without software to block dangerous websites, computers are generally safe. Only @NUM1 out of @NUM2 websites, includes content considered ""detrimental"" to humans. Also, of those @NUM2, @NUM4 provide reliable, correct information. Those two statistics annihilate the question of safety and reliability that some users come to ponder. That goes to show that the computer's negative aspects can be eliminate, leaving only the positives to remain. In conclusion, computers have a far more positive influence on users than negatives. Computers are the future, and have even proven to save lives. Why wouldn't somebody want to save the life of another? Also, the benefits of @CAPS3, or personal computers, are too large and helpful to pass up. Lastly, when viewed carefully, computers are very reliable, and can be made extremely safe, which eliminates the main fear computers. We have come so far to create such a safe, beneficial, and necessary device, we must put it to use, and by doing so, better our own lives, and the life of @ORGANIZATION1."