"There were many obstacles workers face when building the Empire State Building: making the structure of the tallest in the world, making it serve a greater purpose than being just a building and most of all it had to be stable.Designing and building the tallest structure in the world was quite the @CAPS2 for architect Al Smith, his building had to be taller than the 1,046 foot tall Chrysler Building. The Chrysler building was originally only @NUM1 feet and the Empire State building was planned to be @NUM2 feet. But when the architect of the Chrysler Building revealed a spire that was to be placed on top, the Chrysler Building's height shot up to 1,046 feet, just 46 feet taller than the Empire State. The competition had begun.When Al Smith was constructing a piece to fit on top of the sky-scraping building, he wanted to be ""more than a spire or dome or pyramid put there to add a desired a few feet"" (paragraph @NUM3), he wanted something that would truly awe people. With the popularity of blimps, or dirigibles, on the rise, Smith decided he would create a docking station for them on top of his building. Although, a great deal of effort and frustration proved the task impossible. The main reason being that there was too much margin for error and that chance did not want to be taken with a crowded city of @ORGANIZATION3 below. The tip still being added though, put the Empire State Building at 1,250 feet, @NUM4 feet taller then the Chrysler Building.The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 that the building seems to face was the elements. The monstrous structure had to withstand very high winds. Most of the building was weather proof, the only problem being the top. It was designed to look almost like a rocketship, with four wings at it's base. Lined with steel, th structure still holds today. Most of the challenges faced by the crew building this magnificent structure seemed impossible, but they created the building they set out to build. And it is still the tallest in the world to this day."