"Based on the excerpt, the obstacles the builders of the Empire State Building faced in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there were high wind currents, and an already existing law that was against airships flying too low over urban areas.The first reason dirigibles couldn't dock was because of overly powered wind currents on top of the Empire State Building. It was mentioned in paragraph @NUM1 that ""The winds on top of the building were constantly shifting due to violent air currents. Even if the dirigibles were tethered to the mooring mast, the back of the ship would swivel around and around the mooring mast. Dirigibles moored in open landing fields be weighted down in the back with lead weights, but using these at the Empire State Building where they would be dangling high above pedestrians on the street was neither practical nor safe."" @CAPS1 was being said here was that it would be unsafe for people if the dirigibles were going to dock near the Empire State during violent air currents.The other reason why dirigibles couldn't dock was because of the law saying they were against airships flying to low over urban areas. @CAPS1 this law made it illegal for the ships to tie up to the building and even get to close to the area. It was said in paragraph @NUM2 that dirigibles did try to reach the building."" In December 1930 the U.S. Navy dirigible Los Angeles approached the mooring mast but could not get close enough to tie up because of forceful winds. Fearing that the wind would blow the dirigible onto the sharp spires of other buildings in the area which would puncture the dirigible's shell, the captain could not even take his hands off the control levers. Since the dirigible was @CAPS1 big it couldn't get close enough because of sharp objects on other buildings.It is clear that the builders of the Empire State Building went through challenging obstacles in attempting to allow dirigibles to dock there. All because of very violent wind or air currents and the already existing law against airships flying to low over urban areas."