"The features of the environmental setting is affecting the cyclist. A setting is a certain time and place an event is taking place along with the setting their are features, which is the background description basically giving away additional information about the subject or idea. The features along with the setting are intefering with the cyclist by the hot temperature in Lodi, California making the cyclist or biker hotter than usualier as he heads in the wrong direction closer and nearer to the hot blazen scroaching desert. In addition to this he is running out of water and is beginning to get more and more exhausted from the heat plus he is starting to lose consciousness along with getting dehydrated. This is a major problem for the character because he is losing his sense of direction and because of this he is getting more panickly as his supply of water is running extremely low. A instance of the environmental setting affecting the cyclist is “I eased past, trying to keep my balance in my dehydrated state. The water bottle contained only a few tantalizing sips. Wide rings of dried sweet circled my skirt, and the growing realization that I could drop from heartstroke on a gorgeous in June ""(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM1)."" @CAPS1 example is “This sight was troubling. I had been hitting my water bottles pretty regularly and I was travelling through the high deserts of California in June “(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM2)”. The hotness and heat had also increased the character’s confidence in himself as he was getting more and more panickly. A instance of this is “I began breaking the ride down into distances. I could see on the horizon, telling myself that if I could make it this far, I’d be fine “(Joe Kurmaskie, @NUM1). In conclusion, the hot setting in California had affected the cyclist in a number of ways it had exhasted his water supply and this caused him to become exhausted, dehydrated, and making him lose his logically sense to make decisions however his loss of sense of direction also gave him more self confidence as he stirved to the roads and serves town that was about twenty miles away in order to get water so that he @MONTH1 survive."