"I strolled into my bedroom, I noticed the computer sitting on a wonder desk. I thought that computers are very helpful. There are many controversies on whether computes benefit or do not benefit society. My opinion on this topic is that computers are useful and I support this technology. Computers are excellent tools that could help students with work in school. For instance, this year I had a sciences project about how my hobbies interests are related to science. One of my interests in reading, @CAPS1 I had to research about how reading a simple back can be related to science. I went on the internet, typed in my question about reading, and two seconds later thousands of results up. I had even gotten some pictures too. A couple of days later after I had handed in my project, I recieved it back. I had gotten a @NUM1 on this project! @CAPS1 being able to use a computer really boosted my grade in science. Without the internet, I probably wouldn't have been able to get on A on this. As you can see, computers can help students with projects, etc. in school. Using this technology can help you reconnect with friends and family members. In elementary school, my friend @PERSON1 had moved away to @LOCATION1 @CAPS2. I had no way of communicating with her until I found a program on the internet that lets you chat with people. Both of us had been using this and we've been able to talk for on end. I don't see @PERSON1 as often as I had used to, but with my computer wide open in my bedroom I can chat online with her almost everyday. Computers can help re-establish old relationships with friends and family. @CAPS1 communicating on these are also another benefit. Using computers can help enrich peoples minds. For example, in school we use a program called, ""@CAPS3 @CAPS4."" @CAPS3 @CAPS4 involves you playing games that help you @CAPS3, and tests when you are ready to take them. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 has been helping us practice for the @ORGANIZATION1's. After taking multiple tests in subjects such as science, math, and language arts, I now feel confident about taking the @ORGANIZATION1's and I believe I am going to do well on these tests. As you can tell, the tool of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 on the computer can benefit your school grades. The effect computers have an people are that they help and benefit the society. I think that more citizens should own computers because they can expand your knowledge. I am clearly in favor of owning and using computers."