"Has your daughter or son ever asked you that they want computer in their school? Were you ever baffled when they said they were talkking about @CAPS2 in the school, that they can teach hand eye coordination, gives them the ability to learn from far away places, or even allow them to talk to people all around the world? What did you think about that? Did you agree? If you did then your thinking about the positive side and not the negative. Many reasons why I don’t agree. Saftey, the money, health. Many people said that its good to interact with other people but not all the time if your son or daughter interacts with people they @CAPS1 know are you going to be worried.? They can be asked who they are, were they live. Sometimes they even ask if they can meet up face to face. My friend @PERSON2 said her school got those computers and her friend @PERSON3 was asked to meet or with somebody she never knew and she ended up saying yes and @PERSON2 says she nevered showed up. Would you ever want that to happen to your child? Well this is only the begining. Once your child’s school gets computers they will be addicted to @CAPS2, @PERSON1 said that ""if a child does not go out and enjoy there childhood but they want concentrate on their homework, they will just eat and be on the computer eventually they will become obese.” @CAPS2 is very imperative that your child does go out and have fun and get exercise because then they will just be on the computers @NUM1. Have you ever wondered that? Another thing is the school will have to pay alot of money, if your child ever damages the computers then you will also have to pay a lot of money too. Not only if your childs school gets computers @CAPS2 will benefit you guys alot. I trolly and sincerly do not belive that students should get computers. Also your students computers @MONTH1 get viruses because of inappropriate sites. Then your going to pay for that as well. Lastly the school will not have enough money for materials. What will you do?!? Your child is not there to be addicted to computers your child is there for education! Do you still support these computers!? I hope not because there is a @PERCENT1 chance that they will or will not get @CAPS2. Hopefully I gave you enough information about the saftey, money and health. This is very urgent situation so please be aware."