"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you have a computer at home? Right now, more than @PERCENT1 of the people have at least one or more computers at home. Computers are common by now, but people argue rather they are really needed on our society. Computers give negative effects on people, for example, lose eye sight, interacting with strangers online and lack of outdoor exercise. One out of five people wear glasses or contacts, these days. the rate of people wearing glasses are increasing rapidly as well. Children and adults are spending too much time on the computer, which causes to lose eye sight. When people use too much computers, their eyes start to hurt and lead to a headaches as well. These are sign of spending too much time, but people tend to ignore it because they want to get work done, or simply addicted to the online video games. this shows that computers give terrible effects on society. When a person is on the internet, there is no limitation to him or her. Once a person is online, there are endless amounts of site to access on that are not always trusted. Online, where anyone can go on, there are millions of people that are not connected or related. In other words, strangers, interacting with people they don't know is very dangerous. They can have devastating influence, no supremacy, what so ever unless they are a teacher of same sort. Unfortunatly, people can not trust anyone online because they don't know who it exactly is. For example facebook. People think they are private, but everything that is uploaded or posted is public. Also others will be able to view your profile even they are not friends with that person. this is not safe in any way. The rate of people getting addicted on the internet is increasing as well. These people tend to not go outside at all and stay home. These people get not enough exercises, which are very unhealthy they tend to get their meals done at fast foods which are unhealthy as well. For the reason, people on the computers get fat from the unbalanced meal and never interact with people outside and nature outside. In conclusion, computers have negative effects on society because, they increase the number of people wearing glasses and losing eye sight. Second, they are creating a unsafe environment. last it makes people have unbalanced meals and lose track of their diet. "