"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever thought about people's veiws on certain technolgy? While some people say that others spend too much time on their computers, and are waisting their time, I think computers can help us with many different things. They can help with homework, interacting with people, and even help us with exercising. You'll find that in the end, computers end up as benefits for everyone. For many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects. There are certain websights that give online lessons. Along with that, they have online books, so if they forget their real ones, they can still do their homework. My math teacher, @PERSON2, is always saying,""@CAPS1 into the online sight."" I've found that it really helps me when I'm struggling with my work. We can also ask our friends with help if we still @CAPS4't understand. That's not all we can do. There are certain sights like @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 where we can interact with other people. You can talk to them when they're out of town and have no cell-phone. You can also tak when the phone is being used and you have something importain to tell them, such as helping them with their homework. When there's no telephone reception between each other, they can still talk over one million people in the @LOCATION1 use these sights. People are wrong when they say it takes their time away from exercising. Many websights give good tips on how to lose weight. The show many dieting plans such as @PERSON3 or @PERSON1. Not only that, but they also have exercise plans. It's not the computer's fault, it's the people who @CAPS4't ""stick"" with exercising. Also, the computer reccomends many great gyms you can join, like @LOCATION2 fitness. @CAPS4't you think that's a good ""deal?"" @CAPS4't listen to those other people stick with my opinion that computers are benefits for everyone. They can help us with many things, above and beyond. I can't imagine life without them. Most everyone uses computers! Thank you for reading."