"Computers and other devices are good for humans especially young people like myself because they are good for communication, keeping the attention of the and providing unknown information. In @CAPS3 letter, I will explain. Communication is key, and technology is close the best and fastest way to use communiocation. Cell phones provide calling usage of course, but they also allow you to text someone. If you have dinner with friends and your late, with text you can send them a message and they should get it in no time at all. Email allows you to do the same as text, but you can write longer messages. Something that's really good for communicating is video chat. If you have a relative that you haven't seen in a long time you can video chat and they can see you and you can see them. It's like talking to one another in person. Keeping a persons attention is critical. Technology does that with games, music from @NUM1's, computers, game systems and the newest way, iPod's and instructions on how to do something. Of course a teacher or parents can do that, but heaving or seeing instructions on a computer is so much more exciting, which brings me back to @CAPS3 topic of keeping a persons attention. Technological devices are more exciting than people teachers and definitely parents but do they offer more? Information is most likiely the most frequent reason in which technology is used. If a child has a project for school, they either use the computers or asks their parents. If the parents have no idea about the question their child just asked, they say, ""@CAPS1 it up on the computer"", if you havent already done that. So in a way the human race depends on technology, actually we do depend on technology. Computers cellphones, iPods, gamesystems, etc all include a little thing I'd like to call the internet. The internet has been around for a while, going from extremely slow to high-speed, and it is a magical place. It can provide you with directions,recipes, job offers, store locations show times for movies and much , much more. Although technology is used in everyday life from communication to searching for information it can slowly us the human race down. I mean most of us spend most of our time on @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 @CAPS4 when we should be walking around are exercising, looking at the trees and the birds and communicating with family face ti face. Therefore, computers and other things are nice and all, but are the worth getting fat or loosing touch with your loved ones."