"I support advances in technology because In the future. Our world will be run by computers people can learn about places and people that they can never afford to see for real, and lastly, this helps to connect people to other people without talking to them directly. Have you ever thoughtabout the future, I know I have, usually when you think future, you think nobody and lots of automated things. The fact is the world is turning into a pure run by technology and as we the people get smarter, so does the technology so what good will the future if none of us know how to work a simple peice of technology such as a computer, then how are we going to use the more complicated things then? Believe it or not our world within @NUM1 years will be run all on computers, you will not have to do antyihg but wil them. without computers, how would we know aobut all of the stuff that we know now. How would people know that egypt looked like @NUM2 year ago? they dont to be there they could just look it up on the computer and how just as must about it as if they went there. Also computers enable you to learn about people that lived before your time. What president that you in something aobut how would you be able to find out after computer you could go to a library is right there to be will out computers in todya society. Our average being would in at how does becaus of the that computers have given us. I can whey some experts are conceried that are however, for some people this is the only correction to their emily and friends it there is a family that lives lets say in a different country, and he or she wanted to talk to you, how would you go about doing that? I know that I would try to contact them on the computer. I love friends that live out of state and I enjoy talking to them so if we did not have the compuers that we do. these experts are sasying that we are going to drive across the country to talk to them, if you ask me htat is pretty tire consuming and pointless. In conclusion, I hope that you agree with me in keeping technology in our lives is important because of the future for people to learn nee things about places and people, and also to communicate with friends and family although I can se your part of view that kids are not getting enough exercise most kids that computers are also involved sport."