"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Some parents are concerned about their child being on the computer all the time. Now I'm going to talk about @NUM1 good things about computers. @NUM1 bad things, and @NUM1 things on what you should do. One good thing is that you get to talk to people. You could talk to your friends online about something in school or whatever. Thats good because what if you frogot what was homework or you need help on something, you could go online and ask them. Another reason why is that you get to meet @ORGANIZATION1 people. For example @CAPS1 or facebook. When you meet @ORGANIZATION1 people online they mostly come from a different country that you never heard about and then you just learned some thing @ORGANIZATION1 and you have a friend from @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS2, or @LOCATION1. One more good thing their is, is that you learn @ORGANIZATION1 things online about anything. It could be a @ORGANIZATION1 website that you never heard about and something that can help you in the future. For example @ORGANIZATION2. @ORGANIZATION2 could help you out a lot. Now where going to talk about @NUM1 bad things that computers do. The first bad thing that computers do is that they make you adicted. For example me I got adicted when I had a computer but not I'm not we got rid of ours and now I just play with my sisters. The second bad things is viruses. My grandmothers computer got a virus off of a website that website was @CAPS1. When you get a virus it sucks you cant do anything or you can't look anything up for school. Getting viruses are not cool you have to wait a week or so before they fix it. The last bad thing is that you never want to spend time wit your family. I know some people who do that like its not cool if company comes over get off the computer. Since I dont have much time left I'm going to talk about one thing you should do. You should have a certain amount of time on the computer and go have fun and do what you want to do except go on the computer. Thats what I think you should for now."