"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 have been complates about computer in are society. They say they are keeping children inside doing nothing, but really they are helping us so much! The internet is where you can resurch anything and tones of helpful ideas come up. @CAPS3, @CAPS5 helps us with hand-eye cordination. Lastly, computers alowe us to stay in touch with people who are far away. Like last year my friend went to poland and we were able to talk threw are computers! So lastly join me and help the world know that computers are good! First off I would like to say the computer is a good source of information. How would you like @CAPS5 if you still had to read scrolls from grene when you could look at on online? Not to manchin not any you need to know some thing really fast like now your stalk is befor a big meeting. Then all you have to do is simple type in what you want to know then bam! Just like that you know, and off to you meeting. Secondly, using the mouse and keys on a computer can incless your hand-eye cordination. Like my parents aways say when i'm typeing on esay, @NUM1 words per minute is a good minute. @CAPS3, out of @NUM2 kids get better hand-eye cordination after geting good on the computer. Alot of times kids have a ten of cordination, but I have a that if kids on the thing will change. Most importantly the computers and faraway like I menchind befor I stayed intouch with my polish buddy @CAPS3, a lot of people don't have cell phones so they have an @CAPS4, gmail, facebook, my space, or a twitter. All of this alows us to stay in touch and keep us up in are friends lives. This is very important because if we are social the we will get out with are friends and do stuff, wich is very important for are. In conclusion, @CAPS5 is good for are society to have computers in are lives. @CAPS5 will help us in the future, we will get good grades on project because of are sources. We will be heathy with hand eye cordination, from the mouse and keybord. Lastly we will have many friends. thes are all very important in. So keep computers!"