"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 have effects on people and there lifes. Cause alot of people as in children spend there time after school plan games, myspace, facebook and there e-mail address. Instead of going on computers. I think that children and adults should go-out and have good time theres not a problem with going on the computer once and awhile but if you spend all days on a computer then thats pretty bad. Adults shouldnt let there children spend all day on a computer and adults shouldn't eather because it went help you life. Computers could mess your life up by choices you make and pictures you put up and things you write up there such as if you have a myspace or facebook and you put bad pictures up in you furture when you want a good job they could just look back at that and say look at this I don't want this person working for me. and there you go messing up your furture. instead of going on the computer all the time you could go outside do sports to keep your body health and go out in the world and learn new things or even plan trips to go on with your family walk around and stuff like the instead of going on the computer's and putting your self at risk of looseing job or messing up your future. You shouldn't let computer's mess your life up because if you do then your life want be the same children could mess there life up because things they wrote or pictures they put up witch other kids could see and be mean to them and talk about them fot the rest of there school year or things could lead to a fight over one little word you said or picture you put up because you thought it was cute. Sex offenders are on computers and some people don't even no it intill they get tookin away or killed. Parents don't always no when there is sex offender around or online talking to you or your children trying to go meet up with them. They also could put fake pictures up to try to get you to speak to them or to get you to meet them some where so they could take you. so you shouldn't let the computers get to you."