"Dear @CAPS1 post, I have been thinking about the way computers affect our lives. Oh this very topic, I am agreeing with the experts who say people are sending too much time on their computers and less time doing other things. I do believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online. Even if it was research, don't you think it would be better to stick our head in a book to get the information? The same thing apires to computer games, such as virtual kickball outside? The main reasons I am trying to get are computers hold us back, they are not physically able to help us, and going away from the computer, or even going outside would be better. I had mentioned how computers hold us back, the more time we spend; the more daylight we burn to do other things. I say this because instead of going outside. We want to stare at a screen and play games or chat with friends. Online chat especially has an effect on most people because were trading in a fun day for one where we just talk online and back internet. I also believe if we had a time limit on computers it is more a push to be social and go out and do things. Unforthetly, computers from that, and all we end up waiting to do is nothing. Another reason is that computers can't physically help us and make us active. I can to this one because I am a cheerleader, and I am constantly on youtube learning how to stretch and do new things. Even though I learn and spend time to watch how it's done I get hurt and can't do it. Which is why I try getting cut more to a gymnastics teacher who can physically help and interact with how I'm doing. Lastly, I believe that the less time we spend would help us and be so much better. I know, after an hour or more online. I feel lazy and I don't want to do anything. However, if I go outside I feel full of energy and I'm active. Being off the computer feels better and is better. To sum it all up, computers are great to have, but to much of them isn't. It really does hold us back, and is worse for our health. Oh, and one last thing, too much time makes you less active. However, thank you for reading."