"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, Have you ever wanted to see the whole world with just a click of a button. That is as simple as just going out and purchasing a computer. Computers are becoming more and more popular. Some people think that people use computers too much. I am here to say that, that is a terrible accusation. First, computers help you with school work. Let's say you have an essay and it needs to be @NUM1 words or more you can just use word cant, then you have the exact amount of words. Also you might need to look up some information about a certain topic. You can just simply type in the word and search and then you have millions of choices to choose from. If you had a homework assignment that you didn't understand you could look up how to do it on the internet. But this i just the begining. Another reason computers are so great is that you can meet and interact with people all over the world and learn their culture. You can enter a free chatroom and meet someone from @LOCATION1. You would also be learning about their culture. This could also be a way to learn another language. If the person spoke fluently in @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 than he or she could teach you. You might be able to see how an @CAPS2 household runs. You could then make comparisons between the way you both live your life. Finally, you can understand the world around you. There are many websites where you can get a live sattelite feed on places on every corner of the globe. You could also do reasearch on the planet itself. You can learn about the care of the earth and what goes on inside it. You might also learn about nature. You could understand more about plants and animals. You can also got a look into space. You can learn about planets, if there is life on planets or water or anything else these would be things you can reasearch. So to sum it all up, you can get school work done. You can interact with people all over the world. You can also learn about the world around you and that covers less than a fraction of everything you can do on the computers, but don't stay on all day. Make sure you go outside and have a great time too!"