"Dear editor, I have heerd about me advance in technology dispute. I would like to say their I think it does benef it our society. I think this because: You can communicate with friends, they help you with school and a reliable resource for you need to find. Please read on so I can explain my reasons. Computers and technology benefit us in many ways. One of mom's they able you to talk to friends. Computers give you an easy and fast way to communicate with others. Instead of sending a boring letter that takes forever to get there, you can hook up with your friends, you haven't seen in a while. I remember when my friend moved to @LOCATION1. It would of taken me forever to there, so instead I went online and talked to him. Also, lastly, it less your hand. Now please read on for my second reason. My second reason . Computer are a of looking in many different take days. You can go online and find everyone, in ten minutes. In fifth grade I had to do this really hard project. I looked in books @NUM1 days and find. But then looked up everything I needed to known in an half hour. Lastly, they have more success. If you go on in @ORGANIZATION2 you could find hundreds of on one topic. Easy right? New read on for reason. My last and strongest reason that technology can help you find anything in everyday life. Computers can help you find your way. They supermarket for you. They can help with anything. One year I went on vacation to @LOCATION2. my mom move. So got lost help. Na, if we gotten difference have nevir pickel. Wouldn't you be more confident if you had ? Computers can a lso find for places for you an your friends or family to have fun like it couldn't find places never heard of. Such as @ORGANIZATION1. Now need on so can all up. So, as you can see technology, benefits our society in a big way. Mostly in these three reasons: You can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source for everybody life. i hope you have enjoyed rading this. Please take this info your next . thank you for your time, and thank you for reading my paper."