"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 recently has been brought to my attention that computers have been affecting peoples daily lives. i do agree with this because with our countries of obesity. More people need to exercise more, interact with freinds, and to just enjoy things that don't involve technology. Some people are just super glue to computers, but let's see if @CAPS3 doesn't start wearing down after this paper. Many individuals are spending too much on their computer and less time working out or exercising. People need to start spending more time on exercising and less time on their computer due to the facts that more and more states obese percents just keep rising. Yes, you @MONTH1 say I will just go on a diet ino! Diets don't always work and many people have tned them. Even a simple one hour walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web. And if you wanted, you could even join the local gym for @MONEY1 a month. Buttle only way this is going to happen is by you wanting to do so. Now you know how to fix your problem, get going! More people need to interact with friends instead of going on their computer. Interacting with friends or family will help themm be better with their social hucs in all. Yes, maybe your friends and family out and hungry with your friends most likely you will have more fun exercising then you have on the computers. By interacting with friends and family will help youn later in life by being more social and ready any job interview to meet you less nervous. F inally, enjoying things that don't involve technology is good to know because many people don't have as much fun out in the real world. You have to mete @CAPS3 fun. This can be schevered by asting a frend to go on a compy trip with ypu or spending a little diugh to enjoy yourself. The ourdoors and nature consists of many beautiful and awesome things; but the only way to realize this id to have fun outside or explore whats the great tourst. In conclusion, many people's lives are being manipulated by computers and destroying their daily live. but maybe due to these essy tips; excrsing more, by soul."