"To the @CAPS1, I have recently heard that some people think that computers don't benefit society. However, I disagree with that. First, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things. Also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends. And lastly, it is a form of entertainment on a day that you can't go outside. Some people might not agree with me. However, I believe the computer wasn't a waste of thought. I think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world. First, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and, other things. People, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday. That means everyday someone can learn something everyday of their life. When I do research on a important person in history, I learned things I never learned in school. The computer is the best way to allow people to put info they've learned for other people to see and gain knowledge of each other these are endless possibilities for everyone who owns a computer to learn. You wouldn't believe the things you can learn on a computer. Also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places. If there was computers and someof your family moved to a diffrent. There wouldn't be an efficient way to stay in touch with them. The computer allows you to send e-mail to a families computer or celluar phones. The computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away. My brother is in @LOCATION1 and every day I get on the computer when I get home and video chat with him. If there was no computer, I wouldn't be able to chat with my brother. Lastly, the computer allows a form of entertainment on a rainy day. Certain software gives people the chance to create games and post online to the public. When I can't go outside because of the weather I get on my computer and play video games. The games keep me company. I can never play with other people with online multiplayer. Some of the games are educational also. The games teach you different things about history. "