"@ORGANIZATION1, In my point-of-view, I think that computers are positive and can give a lot of information to us humans. Even though some people say computers are sometimes used way too much, computers help the world get in touch with relatives and family from arand the world, job findings in different countries and states, and also learning about the whole world. I'm going to explain to you why I think computers are positive for humans. To start off, I would like to say that not everyones families & friends live close by to each other. They @MONTH1 live across the whole other side of the world. This is why we have webcams and chatting on computers. How could anyone expect us to see our family in friends if there is no webcam? Okay yeah we have cell phones but not everyone can afford them. People can go to their hearest library and use the computer there for free! The next reason why I say that computers are important is because when you get tired of fired from yar job, you can't just sit home and expect live in your house for free, you have @CAPS1 find another job. You can sign up for jobs right on your computer. How much easier could it get? Now you don't have to borrow your mom's car to go to the interview. Furthermore the last reason I would like to commit is that learning about the world is very important for the young and old. You don't think that every single teacher visited somewhere else and that's how they know about the world? No of course not! Teachers also use computers to look up information on a certain subject. For me I like to learn a bout crocodiles in @LOCATION1. I live in the @ORGANIZATION2. Do you really think I would go all the way of @LOCATION1 to learn about crocodiles when I can just turn the computer on and get-lost in the crocodile world? No of course not. It would be fun though to traver to @LOCATION1 to see that but I don't have that kind of money. To sum all this up, I think you can see my part of the argument. I really consider leaving computers to what they do best, helping humans. It's one of the best inventions ever made. Wouldn't you agree?"