"Dear local newspaper, I am writing to you today about how more and more people are using computers. I think that this is great. The reasons why I think so is because it teaches hand-eye coordination, it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and it also allows people to talk online with other people. Keep reading to find out more. The first reason why I think that more and more people are using computers is because it teaches people better hand-eye coordination, for example, there could be a program for the computer that teaches you to type with your hands and not just your index fingers. You then can learn how to do all this without even looking at the keyboard. Keep reading for more information. The second reason why I think that more and more people are using computers is because it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people. For example, if you have a project for school and you are doing research on another country, you could use your computer to get more information about their religions or just the whole country in general. You can also use the computer to look up different kinds of people. You can look up people like @PERSON1 from @DATE1's to @PERSON2 who is our presiden now. Keep reading for more information. The last reason why I think that more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk online with other people. For example, you could set up and account on facebook, myspace, @CAPS1, or @CAPS2 and start talking to people. You could get to know some kids who live in you neighborhood that you never even knew. Keep reading to find out more. Lastly, I think that more and more people are using computers is agreat thing. They can learn hand-eye coordination, have the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and have the opportunity to talk to other people online. I talked to the people who have just started to use computers and @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people said that they had liked what they had seen. So, I want you to go out there and get a computer and see what you think about it. Thank you."