"Dear local newspaper, I believe computers have a good effect on people. The reasons believe that is because the computer teaches us a lot of things, you can also find a relitive you have not seen in a long time. Two more reasons is because you could talk to your friends, another is you need it to put music on @NUM1's, @CAPS1's and other devices. My first reason I thought computers have a good effect on people was because it teaches us alot of things. If you wanted to know about a countries culture you will be able to go and find out on the computer. Without the computer you would have to visit not knowing what shot to take for sickness they have. Other things it could teach you is how to get from one place to another without stopping to ask people where a place is. It's important to know things on on the computer you can look it up and find out. Another is you can find a family member you haven't seen in along time. Being able to reconnect with someone is very important. What if something happened to them and you didn't know, like a broke leg or hip you can find out if you find them on the computer. Also alot of people @MONTH1 have family they miss and want to be close to or talk to again they cannot find them and fill close to them again. And they can find you if they relly need to talk to you. You could also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone. If you have moved far away the computer is a good way to keep in touch with your old friends. Talking to a friends releaves some kids of their stress they had. It helps when your friends make you laugh and talk to you about leaving everything alone and breath. Everyone has one friend that talks them out of doing bad things. A friend like that is helpful. Last reason is you need a computer to put music on your @NUM1 players. Music is very fun and alot of people love to listen to it. If you had no computers there would be no point in buying a lot of electronic devices because a lot you need the computer for. People like to listen to music on their @CAPS1 or @NUM1 while exercising but you need the computer to put music on it. Without computers their's no point of music. In conclusion I think computers have a good effect on people."