"Dear, newspaper writer I think the computer has a posative effect of people because @CAPS1 helps people around the world learn to speak a different language, @CAPS1 helps people talk to their friends around the world and @CAPS1 helps people by making @CAPS1 easier to write a letter and send @CAPS1 out to people they work for or to their bosses that need the report in by the end of the day. Those are the three reason that computers have a posative effect. @CAPS1 helps people learn to speak a different language without spending a lot of money like using rosetta stone you have to spend @NUM1 us dollars but online you dont have to spend a dime. the best part is that @CAPS1 is free. The slogan for rosetta stone is ""I have spent less money than months of formal classes."" I think their new slogan should be is "" we have a better learning company than anyone else."" That is why @CAPS1 helps people learn a different language. @CAPS1 also helps people by making @CAPS1 easier to talk to their friends you can aim, web cast, and ever text to make @CAPS1 easier @CAPS1 talk to friends on the internet. The reason they created that is so people dont have to travel to far away places and spend money to tell a friend important news that is only one thing. So in conclusion you dont have to spend a lot of money to tell a friend something. The third reason that the computer helps people is that people san e mail theor boss that they are faxing their final repoet to the big interview for a new position in the place where they work, @CAPS1 helps your boss by making @CAPS1 easier to read and @CAPS1 better because you could be in japan and your boss could be in florida @CAPS1 will take like @NUM2 minutes to get to your bosses computer. That is why @CAPS1 is easier to send messages to your boss. The three main reasons are that you can learn a different language without paying a dime that you can talk to your friends easier and that you can send messages to your boss easier that calling him or her. Those are the three reasons that computers are posative."