"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1! Get off that computer it is @TIME1. But mom I don’t want to im in the middle of a game. Does that conbersation sound familiar? Of course it does. Every kid likes to play on the computer. However, noticing your kid being on the computer @NUM1 is not a good thing. In this matter experts are definatley @PERCENT1 right because kids and adults are spending too much time on the computer. These people can do other things like excersising more, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family. Spending too much time on the computer is not healthy. On the other hand, if someone kicks you of the computer you can always get that six pack you wanted. There are three main things that can get you in shape. First, taking a light run every night on your community track can get your legs from being fatigued every time you walk up the stairs to having your legs be firm and able to run lap after lap just for a warm up. Every years my dad takes me to the track in @DATE1 and times me for @NUM2 and @NUM3 yard dash, the @NUM4 meter, and the mile. Between the months I train all the way up to @DATE2 then my dad does another assment. I do this training because I play baseball. Weight lifting is another way to get in shape. Some basic excersises are bench pressing, squating, and dumbell curles. There are more challenging excersise but I won't go into that. Once you feel like your in shape, take all of that trainign and put it into a sport. Excersising is not the only thing you can do. Enjoying nature is another option. Just go outside if someone kicks you off your computer. Absoarb everything about the nature. From the squirrls to the tress. If you are in the winter enjoy the snow instedid of being inside @NUM1 playing computer games. But, if that doesn't work out for you then hangout with your family. Hanging out with your family can be thing you can do. Gather your family and plan a trip. You can go to a baseball game, park, or movies anything that will get you away from that computer. That is my opinion why I think people should get excersise, enjoy nature, and spend time with their families insted of being on the computer @NUM1."