"If you ask me, computers are going to soon be a big problem in our lifestyles. Computers are just another material thing everyone has and seems to be benifiting from, but they aren'@CAPS1. This technology is taking away peoples freedom and will and they don'@CAPS1 even notice it. It is pretty clear to me things need to change. To begin, the computer is yet another distraction to our daily lives. I think that it is safe to admit that we don'@CAPS1 need this. Distractions like these keep us from doing the things we need to do, such as excersise. Every wants to get their extra weight off, but they can'@CAPS1 because the want to check website or talk to their friends. So its pretty much a lazy distraction. Would you really want to give up your health beacause of something so materialistic? If we keep clicking, more then @PERCENT1 of the population that are fit and healthy will become obease. I think we need to reform this problem soon. Like not promoting websites on so many @CAPS1.V networks, or have a computer shutdown week, anything that will get people to be outside enjoying life as they should. To continue, have you ever found yourself asking your kids on how to work the computer? Dont you see how sad that is? Our future leaders are already glued to the games, email and instant messaging of the net. Its plain to see they are already spending too much of their time online. This is concerning fact because more and more kids each year turn in less and less in school work because they  have better things to do such as chat with their friends or watch funny video online. Its a scary though because these children are our future leaders. This is a critical point in their lifes. They need to learn about things now so their futures arent hanging by a thread. Instead of making a habit of going online everyday why not make a habit like try to get all your homework done each night? Things in childrens lifes need to change before they pay for it later in life. To sum it up, many things about our lifestyles need to change. Wether it be in schoool work or losing weight. So I think it would be best if we took out, or lessend our computer usage to lower the distraction and more on in life without revolving our world aroud a click."