"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you think that children spend to much time on the computer. The issue that is going around is @CAPS2 computers have good effects on people or bad ones. I strongly believe that they have bad effects on people. I believe this because people spend more time on the computer than they @CAPS2 exerciseing. Another reason is that people argue it teaches hand eye coordination, well so does sports and just playing. My last reason is that people argue that it is some thing that helps you learn about people and far away places, but books @CAPS2 the same thing. I know alot of people feel that computer have good effects but the truth is they have bad ones. First, people spend more to on the computer than they @CAPS2 exerciseing. People rather stay inside and play games on the internet then go outside and play tag or any sport. On a talk it was said that, ""In @LOCATION1 people are alot over wieght"", and it was also said that the number of over wieght people in the world was the of @LOCATION2"". So I believe that people should get of the computer and exercise. Secondly, people think that it teaches hand eye coordination but so @CAPS2 sports. Instead of being on the computer learning hand eye. You could be out side learning hand eye coordination. Again instead of just sitting at the computer your outside running around haveing fun while you learn hand eye coordination. My last reason is, that people argue that people use it to learn about far away places and people, but they have books for that too. People rather look stuff up on the computer but as soon as they're finsh the start playing games or the computer. Also some of the information might not even be true. Because people hack sights all the time and change things but you can't hack a book. The only thing you can @CAPS2 to change it is to rip out pages and that only waste your money to a new book. So I believe that books are more reliable. Now is the time to make your disicion. @CAPS2 computers have good or bad effects. I believe that computers have bad effect on people. Other things could teach you remarkable hand eye coordination and other great sources to about other place then the computer. Most importantly people should spend more time exerciseing the they @CAPS2 on the computer. Now it time for you to go ahead and put this on the front page of your newspaper and let the whole world know. "