"Dear, Local Newspaper I think that it would be better if people get outside to get so exercise and enjoy nature to interacte with there family and friends. If you get out with your family and friends maybe more teens and adults would be in better shape and more healthly. Say we jump out of bed, gets some breakfast and head to the park to gets an excrize with your family and friends. Alot of family and friends i think spend way to much time on the computers or there labtops because if they are on the computer to long then they will not want to go outside and get excrise with there friends. More and more people use the computer. But not everybody agrees on this statement. What I think it would be better to solve the problem and have everybody get outside and get some freshair with family and friends. But some people don't think that is the right thing to go. People that think those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Well I don't think that is the way to go because you need to get outside to get some. Freshair with people. But if you want to go on the computer you can but I think it should be only for a little bit then because some people have a bissness that they have to work on when they are at work. Sometimes people have to work on there computer every day so if that is the case they I think they should be alouded to use the labtop or computer. But if you are a teen you should only go on if you have to f you needing the internent or writeing a paper. But if you going to go on to just go on to just talk to friend then that is a waste of time in somebody life. Well at least my life it is. I think as a teen you shold be to work on studying on doing your homework instead of being on the computer because I think it would be better to make sure your grade are not making you fail in your school carvee in life. So that is why it is best to make sure you aren't on the computer all the time talking to your friends on the computer all day because it could make you fail in life. I would only go on for a little bit to talk to your friends. That is why I think it is not right to spend all your time on the computer. Jump outside and in goal the outside weather with friends and family meabers. I hope teen and adult get outside from now on because it would be better for allof us and everybody would be heathly. If they tri this program. If you tri this program it will really work to all of you tri proise it will work and you will be heathly and not feel bad about yourself."