"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people at my school sit on there computers after school. They don't go outside and enjoy nature. Visit with family and friends or even exercise. @CAPS2 people are affected by this. Going outside can enchance your knowledge, you can go on a walk in the woods. When you are on your walk you @CAPS2 find interesting new species. Also when you are outside you can play with your friends or siblings. @CAPS2 times in neighborhoods there are a lot of kids, you can start a pick of game of baseball. You can also build new things. You could find a big tree and build a treehouse or tireswing with your family. Going outside leaves you with a lot of fun activites. When kids sit on the computer they don't interact with there family or friends. During the @DATE1 you can go to the beach with your friends. It will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner. You @MONTH1 also find the oportunety to go to a different state for the day. Or you could go acros the country to see your sick grandma or your newly named cousin. Going on a picnic will give you time to get to know new people. You could invite friends and have them bring a new friend for the whole group to met. You will also have a lot of tasty food and who wouldn't want that? Going places with your family and friends can pad to a worth wild experinse. @PERCENT1 of kids chose to go on the computer than to exercise. Kids will become overweight. When on the computer @CAPS2 kids will eat. Eating for hours each day to not a good idea. You can go out for your schools basketball team or run distances in cross country. Once you are on the team you will make new friends, and get your exercise for the day. When you are on a team and exercising you will learn @CAPS2 life skills. You will learn the benifits of working as a team and by yourself. So getting your exersise is a very important role in your life. Why would you choose the computer? You wouldn't be able to enjoy the outdoors. Or spend time with family and friends. You would become over weight and unhappy. So, don't choose the computer, choose another activity!"