"Dear editor, Have you ever used a computer? Odds are you have, which means you know how convienient and positive computers are. Did you know @PERCENT1 of all @CAPS1 use computers regularly? These technological marvels provide many ways to communicate and learn, showing computers have an extremely positive effect on people. Who hasn't ever played a game on a computer? Computers provide many forms of entertianment, such as games, music, and videos. I once has to drive @NUM1 hours to see my grandma in @LOCATION1. The only thing that kept me away from the grasp of boredom during the trip was my portable computer, that I played games and watched movies on. Critics of computers argue that people who use computers do not ever participate in physical activities. Of course, try exercising when you are crammed in a car traveling @NUM2 @CAPS2, which is computers positively affect me. It was @NUM3 on a @DATE1 @TIME1, and my mother was just about to have a baby. Unfortunately, none of my relatives were there to witness this baby coming into the world because the all live on the other side of the @LOCATION2 @CAPS3, this minor set back did not prevent them from seeing the @LOCATION1 baby, and thanks to computers, they didn't even have to leave their homes. This is because computers offer many ways to be social, such as social networking sites. Within @NUM4 hours after the baby was born. there were many pictures and videos up on these social networking sites that let everyone enjoy my @LOCATION1 baby sister. Computers make life convienient for all. Last but not least, computers are not only a fine tool for school, but are necessary to succeed with your education. One snows day in @DATE2, I was assigned a research paper on @PERSON1. Too bad I didn't know one thing about @PERSON1, so I asked my mom to drive me to the library to take out some books for my report but due to the snow, the library's power went out and therefore they were closed. This was not an issue, though, beacuse I only had to spend @NUM5 minutes on a computer searching for information, instead of spending hours browsing through countless pages in a book. Thanks to computers, I received an A on my report. Overall, computers serve many helpful purposes for people. These marvelous machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people around the world, and even provide information on any topic you would like. @ORGANIZATION1 readers, now you understand why computers are positive for your lives and everyone elses. I encourage all of you to spread this message to everyone, so they know all the benefits to using computers."