"These have been many advancements on computer technology and there are people who are for it and there are people who are against it. In against it and ill you why. You spend less time exercising which you'll gain weight. Spend less time enjoying nature which means youre lost with anything natural, an spend less time with friends and family which probbaly prove you, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 not saying the computer is a bad thing but to much of it certaintly is. First, you spend less time exercising. you don't exrcise you gain weight, you could do most of the stuff you could of , and you risk health. This is a bad thing because your not yourself anymore and if it goes to far you can't even a move. So if this sounds scary plan your time on the computer, so it doesn't happen to you, time is so limited that we waste it on stuff in computers so think before you go on the computer maybe you can go for a jog outside. Next, you spend less time playing nature. Nature is so beautiful but its being destroyed and we do nothing. There are only a few hundred maybe they said of us these truly help the environment, and if you think then few hundred of thousand people is alot . @NUM1.billion people of earth. Its a crying shame to see something so beautiful die, while most of us do nothing to help. Finaly, you spend less time with friends and family. This is the most important reason of all. The main course if you will of it all your family is so important because there your best friends whole wide world. Your friends important them. Your family might leave you if you your life to the computer if you they you so be carfully. Your friends are dust as important as your friends they both make you laugh. have good times and cheer you up when you upset. Just don't forget that as be gone. Well, there you have it my three reasons for being against work on the computer and they all sound like a good reasons so lets recap it all shall we. First, spend less time exersing, very important. Next spend less time enjoying nature, very important. Finaly less time with friends or family the most important of all. So hoped you enjoyed my essay and you've learned something . So remember to much of good thing is bad and I'll just leave you with . "