"In my opinion I agree that it benefits society. The reasons that support my decision are lots of buisnesses use computers to work, fast food resturants use computers, and schools use computers. Computers are all needed just for those reasons. My first reason is buisneses use computers to work. Workers use computers for designing, filing peoples names, and to type papers, and essays. People in the designing industry don't use paper and pencil anymore, because they use designing softwares to work. Instead of filing in a cabinet people and workers use computers to put their patients, clients, and workers. Computers can hold more information and files than cabinets can. People also type papers and essays for work. For example, news reporters have to write a report and type it for their company in order to get it to publish. If workers in buesness were to need to use computers to file, type, and design clothes and games. My second reason is that fast food resrurants or even resturants use computers, instead of using cash registers. For example @ORGANIZATION2 or @ORGANIZATION1 use technology to type in peoples orders, and amount they pay. Back then they used to use cash registers, in order to get money out they need to click a button, but now the have all locked up using computers. Every resturant has at least a touch screen computer in it to use. So resturants need computers to survive the world. My third reason is schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports, file the students name and grades into it. Students in classes write reports for projects or even for class work. Teachers need computers to file the students name, grades, and information, instead of using a cabinet. Teachers also use computers to make homework pages and they need to print stuff off of word. So schools use and need computers for students and teachers use. In conclusion I agree that computers benefit society, because buisnesses need them to work, design, and file, and fast food resturants so they can take peoples orders and to use in schools for students and teachers use. So thats why it benefits the society."