"Dear Newspaper, I personally believe that new technology is a great thing. That’s why I think that computers have positive effects on our society. Some of these effects include developing skills to help people for present or future, getting a better education and helping people to become more social. Computers can help people in so many ways you just have to realize it. So come and see why computers are a good choice to have and use. My first reason of why I feel computers have positive effects on people is because they can help develop skills that one has and @MONTH1 not realize. For example a teenager @MONTH1 say while typing a paper that she really likes to write. So, she @MONTH1 go on the internet start looking at different styles and maybe she could become a famous journalist. It's all from the skills she got going online and searching what she enjoys. Another situation could be that a man applies for a job and then the employer' says he has to know how to use different softwear, so he could go on the computer and look for a tutorial on that specific softwear. A computer @MONTH1 help people build skills now and for their own future. My second reason of why computers can have positive effects on people is that it can help them get a better education. Any adult who hasn't gone to college and wants to can take classes online and earn their degree way. The education is just for adults; kids can go online and research history of different places they live and want to go. The great thing about you is you can find the information fast and easy. Computers help people learn more and get a better education for themselves. My final reason of why computers have positive effects is that they help people to be more social. There are so many ways to connect with family and freinds. You can send an email to someone and wait for a reply. Or now, you can even instant message somebody and talk to them like there in the same room. There are also websites, such @CAPS1 facebook, where you can get together and talk with old friends. Computers can help everyone connect with anyone @CAPS1 you can see computers have so many positive effects on people. They can help you build social skills for now and for our future. They can also help people get a better education. Plus, it is a great way to connect with past and present friends. Hopefully you can see how a computer can have positive effects on so many people."