"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you think that computers have a positive or negative affect on people's lives? Well if you think it is negative I am going to show you why it is actually very positive. First, it teaches good hand-eye coordination. Second, it lets people communicate with other people. Third, it can help with school and work. As you can see this is why I believe it is positive. First, computers teach good hand-eye coordination. While you use computers you are improving your hand-eye coordination. One way is that when you are online and you see something you like or want to see even bigger, you move the mouse and click. This helps because you saw something and didn't need to see where you were moving the mouse to click on it. Also it helps because when you are typing a paper you don't need to look at the keys to know what to type. You can look at the screen and move your fingers freely. As you can see this is my first reason as to why I believe computers are positive. Second, computers help people communicate with others. This can be important if you need to talk to someone that lives far away. If someone lives to far away and their is something important then the @CAPS7 is great. You can send people @CAPS3 or even @CAPS4 chat someone. It helps communication so much that you have choices on how you want to talk to someone. Third, it helps people with school and sometimes work. It helps people because they could @CAPS2 projects. This can be helpful to learn about places you didn't even know existed. One time I was wondering what people from @LOCATION1 did to live and survive. Being @CAPS5, I just had to know. I went on the computer and in about a half hour I knew exactly what and how @CAPS5 people did to live and survive. This could also help at work because it your boss is counting on you to have work done, you can use the @CAPS7. As you can see this is my third and final reason as to why I believe computers are positive. In conclusion, I believe that computers are positive for three main reasons. First, they can help to improve hand-eye coordination. Second, they help people communicate with people from other areas. Third, it helps with school and work. So now that you have read this I hope I have shown you that computers aren't bad for us at all. In fact the are the best bet for a better future."