"More and more people use computers everyday. Computers are a great help for projects, email, vacation spots, and so on. However, some scientists think people are spending too much time on the computer instead of excercising, or taking a walk. I think that computers are an important part of a persons life because the information found on a computer is very useful. It can be useful to you when you have a report coming up. What if your teacher tells you that a report is due tomorrow? What are you going to do, you don't have time to go to the library. I would go on the computer and get all the information I need. I would also use a computer to learn about far away places, or even famous people in history. I also could look up where I'm going on vacation and then I could learn more information about it. Like, you could find where the best resturant locations are, the best holers, and even the best tourist spots. Computers are also helpful for chating. My grandparents moved so I don't talk to them that much anymore, but since I have a computer I can send a quick e-mail saying hi, or asking how they're doing. Also imagine going to work and not having a computer! Thats a lot of work to write down! At some works, the work consists of emailing other work members about the problems they are having, and about meetings. By using a computer you can keep up to date on everything thats going on. Also computers are helpful because if you had a test to study for, and you forgot your notes at school, you can look up online what you are studying. Then you can study from the computer. So then the next day you won't fail the science test. Computers can be a nice little break after all your homework is done. If you want to go on the computer to talk to your friends, it should be an insentive to get all your homework done first. Sometimes people need some down time after all their homework is over with. Playing games on the computer can be a nice way to relax. Computers are a great help for reports, vacations, chatting, information to help you study for a test. Also to play games on. A lot of people use computers to do work on for their jobs. I think computers are an important part of a persons daily life."