"Deear Newspaper, I think that the effects that computers are having on people is a @CAPS1 thing because most people just sit at the computers all day long. In this letter I am going to talk about the effects of computers on people, what we could be doing instead, and what person are doing on the computer. First thing is that computers are having a @CAPS1 effect on people and there life computers are making people just fit inside on their computers all day and do nothing. They just sit there playing games also about @PERCENT1 of the people who are spending to much time on the computer are probally pating well their on the computer which that is why some people @MONTH1 be fat. Most of the people who spend all of they time on the computer is people in there @NUM1's and @NUM2's some are in there @NUM3's or @NUM4's. Just sitting there on the computer will get you. Where in life. It will not give you a job or school education. By just sitting at the computer for a while you will not be able to do things out side. If so many people were not on the computer all the time then they could be outside. Being outside they can play sports, ride bikes, swim, run and more. They could also get a job and make some money or go to college, kids who are on the computer to much could get out and go to the mall, hang with friends you could get some exercise, or just enjoy nature. There is no use for going on the computer and being there for more then @NUM5 or @NUM6 hours, the most you should be on the computer would be an hour to an hour and a half. Kids and teenagers should only go on the computer for homework and the rest of the time doing something eles. Well all of the kids grade through @NUM7 grade should go out a play with their toys and people @NUM8 grade and up should hang out with and do thing like go to the mall, see a movie, or just have a sleepover. Also everyone in these grades should interact with there families more by seeing them more then @NUM7/@NUM8 times a month and they could have parties or just get together and hang out. So people should do some of the other things I said instead of just going on the computer all of the time. The last thing is the things that people are doing on the computers which is like I sometimes go on facebook. Other people go on facebook, google, games looking up information, and more. They also have emails where they chat with other people. Another thing people go on is youtube and listen to music and watch veidos. So I don't think that the effect of the computers on people is a good thing. I think that people shoud be out doing things then just sitting at home on the computer. People who sit at home on computers could and probally will get to fat. So the effect of computers on people is @CAPS1."