"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think that computers have a positive effect on people. You can do lots of stuff with computers such as help people learn new things almost about everything. Also, there are some programs on the computer where they allow you to talk to other people. Also, for adults, they can take care of some finances and bills online and some taxes. I think computers definitely have a positive effect on people. A lot of people use their computers to learn new stuff about other things and people. Nine out of ten people go on the computer at least more than once a month to learn about something new. Also, kids in school use computers all the time for school work and to learn about new things. Kids in school use computers in school all the time for projects and experiments and they learn new stuff about people and things in the world. Computers definitely have a positive effect on people when they learn new things. Another great things about computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people. Eight out of ten people talk to another person almost every day on the computer. This is a good thing because they’re able to talk to friends and family from a long distance and enjoy themselves. It is also a good thing because if family moves away you can still talk to them from a computer. Another positive effect computers have for you is that adults can pay bills and finances on the computer also. Seven out of ten adults pay bills online at their computer. This is a good thing because adults have to do it by hand, now they can just do it on the computer, which is definitely a positive effect on a person! I think computers definitely have a positive affect on people in many ways. They help people learn new stuff about things and. Also, they allow you to talk to friends and family over the internet. And finally, they allow you to do finances and pay the bills online instead of by hand. There are many ways still computers have a positive affect on people, I’ve only stated just a few of them. I hope you take my side about my opinion about computers and that they definitely have a positive affect on people."