"There are all kinds of computers, but they all do the same thing. Computers help people with anything they need. Such as, you can go online and chat with people, you can buy and sell things, you can go to college, you can learn anything, and it helps you type up your homework neatly. I personally think that computers are very helpful and we are lucky to have them. Going online can give you so many opportunities for anything. From going to college online when you don't have the time to go in person to just talking to your friends. You can learn just about anything on the computer and it's just so much fun. The computer to most people I know is the greatest invention besides the obvious ones. Going to college online is so easy. There isn't alot to it. Alot of people in the country online for college. For instance, parents that want to go back but can't go in person or someone who has alot of work but cant fit in the time to actually go to college. But they can go online and take classes on their free time. Also, talking to friends online is fun too. When you arent at a friends house you can chat with them online. Maybe you can go on @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 or even your email. There are many ways to do it on tha fabulous computer. The computer is also jam-packed with loads of information that is helpful to anyone in the world. You can learn about different countries, people, or even the recipe of apple pic. Who knows what you can learn. The computer has things for every person in the world. Since we are all different. Some of us like to buy or sell things on the computer or do our homework. Maybe even just a fun computer game is nice. Every person in the world is different, but we have one thing in common. The world knows we need computers and computers are the smartest thing since the calculator. Buying and selling things on the computer is easier than it looks. All you have to do is put what you want to sell online or look online what you want to buy. Then you buy it or sell it. There is more to the process like the @ORGANIZATION1 people bring or take it to or away from you. But that just the basics. You can also do your homework neatly on the computer if you have a messy handwriting. Therefore, the computer has so many things that can benefit you and the world with everything it has to offer."