"I do not agree that computers benefits society. There are threes big reason why computers are bad, people are getting to attached and arent spending time with there families. Others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising. Also some people arent getting fresh air not getting out for a walk in a park. Computers are making people shut out their families. When a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer. Families need to stick together but when a member of the family from doing a family picnic or other family activities. Computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone and sometimes a family member can go into depression because he or she is being ignored. Another reason computers are bad is because of health issues. People will get to addicted and be lazy. They will just sit in the computer chair and eat drink bad stuff all day. People would gain weight might ever get dabetes from the weight. If people don't get the exercise they need to stay healthy then they might have heart problems, and many more serious conditions. If your weights gets to extreme then you might not be able to lose weight because your body has gotten tov used to all the weight your heart @MONTH1 not be able to take it. At last but not least people will stop going outside and not go and walk or talk, with friends. People should al least go outside once a day to see nature get air. They should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games. Having to much stress is bad for your health you might go into depression. Being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes. So as you can see there is alot of bad things about computer. Most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health. So this is why I think this is bad for the societys benefits. I hope that you will take these reasons to heart. Thank you!"