"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In the @DATE1 the world has changed so much, for the better. Technology has become so advanced, there are new cures for for different diseases. Computers are one of these great benefits. They let you communicate quicker. You can keep up with family members and old friends. You can also talk to different people who live in another state, country, or continent. These a quote that says ""communication is key."" I'll put that into more details in my next paragraph. I remember one time long ago, the only way to communicate was by letters or you would have to walk. Now wih computers with just one email or an instant message. Someone can get your messgae in. By sending a letter it can take a while. Even if you and call some one they @MONTH1 not be home or answer. But you can get emails and instant message ways. It also doesn't cost to send long distnace. Which will be bring yo my next topic. A profressor at @ORGANIZATION2 once said ""Computers are taking time "" But, if you think about it what it's actually doing is reconnecting with family members and old friends. For example, you @MONTH1 move and not be able to see them again. Then, you get a new phone number and forget other people number. If you have a computer you go on this great social networking side called where you look up some old friends name and distant realtives and you find out that it's really them. Than they you to other family members and before you know it you all to other again. Now, I'll bring to you my @DATE1 topic. The world wide web is a big place were peolple from all over the. On the world wide web you can meet some new people who not live in your state, or country. But, you find that you are starting to click when you meet this person they @MONTH1 be of a different rare. Thats ok you can learn new thing about a different cuture. While you two @MONTH1 have something in common you can share other things you like to do which you can try, so you're learning something new while having fun at the same time. Now you'll see it's time you get a computer rather than never have the experience. With a computer you can communcate quicker. You can reconnect with distant relatives and old friends. You can also talk to different people who like you."