"Dear local newspaper, Have you ever noticed how a lot of people are always on their laptop or their computer? Well, when they're on the web they don't get exercise at all. I have three seasons why people should spend less time on their computers. People could get sick, probably forget a lot of stuff, and never have the future that they have always wanted. My first reason why people should spend less time on their computer is people could get sick. For example, their are a lot of people who just eat and eat and only use their computers. Some people get obese by doing this. When they do they go on the internet to find out how to lose weight, but they never do it. Some people go on the internet so they can have a surgery because they're so fat. They think their is a cure for obese on the internet, but the truth is that the only cure their is by doing. Some exercise because that is the only cure they will get if their not on their computer. When people are surfing the web they forget a lot of stuff. Some people almost spend their whole day or even life on their computer that they don't know what else to do, but surf the web. What I have seen happen is that some people forget where they're at or who the even are. They also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all. This isn't good people. My third and final reason is no future. Sure some people apply for jobs at home from the computer, but the only problem their is that they don't get enough exercise and paid as well as the people who work outside their house. Some people wanted to do something about their life's and how they can't because they are addicted to their computers. Some people have to go to thearapy so they can stop going on the internet. Do you want that? Getting sick, loss of memory, and no good future are three reasons why people should stop using computers and start getting some exercise. If I were addicted to my pc I wouldn't get on education and I wouldn't be writing this letter right now. Get some exercise. Together we can make a change or find a cure."