"I think that the advances of technology to the computer are great and more beneficial than bad. Say you struggle at school and need serious help, you can turn to a computer for help, say you have a dear friends that a week ago moved to florida, you can use the computer to contact them. And finally if you want to learn about the world, great! Google search places to learn about. These are just a few reasons why the computer is helpful as opposed to bad! School one of many students least favorite activities, yet you can use the internet to help you out, @CAPS1! say you are in geometry and it is kicking you're butt, got to @PERSON1 academy for informational videos. Maybe you are a third grade teacher and the little kids are driving you nuts, go to @LOCATION1, and educational and fun website. Maybe you just want to relax and learn, plug in earphones and listen to math help. These are merely a few ways that the internet helps with schooling. What if it is a really rainy rainy day and you are tired and want to learn about faraway places in a logical person's head, the internet pops into their head. Think of the computer as a big easy to acess library, type something into a search engine and it pops up. What if you are in germany and you are hungry, oh no! Everything is in @CAPS2! open your laptop for easy translation. All of these things support that the internet makes learning about foreign places easy. And finally, communication is really easy, with the internet because, there use emails, skypes, chatrooms etc. internet's middle name is communication. What if your phone is gone and there is an emergency, you can get the email! What if a burgalor cuts the phone lines and sneaking your house e-mail @NUM1. And finally internet can be used to call @PERSON2 and tell him, ""don't forget the red bull"" as he leaves. Those are some of the reasons the internet is good for communication. Go let's recap on this paper. Internet is great for communication. Also help with learning about far away places. And finally help with schooling. These are the reasons I think internet is valuable in this day in age. "