"Dear editor, I think that computers are a good thing to have in the house. They're very helpful and entertaining. For example, they make @CAPS1 easier to keep in touch with far away friends and family, they help you learn things or know the important news, and their also very entertaining to people of all ages. This is why computers are one of the most valuable things to have in your home. One of the many things a computer can help you with is keeping in touch with family members of friends that live far away. Computers can serve that purpose because someone can use facebook, twitter, or skype when using one. ""I love facebook, because I can keep in touch with my family members in the @LOCATION1,"" says @PERSON2. Also, researchers say that people who have facebook, skype, or twitter accounts become closer to their families than people who don't. A computer can be used for educational purposes also. Many people like to use educational computer games to prepare their elementary - schoolers for school. ""@CAPS1's fun and gets my son prepared!"" says a local mother as she talks about a computer game. Studies show that computer games are @PERCENT1 better at preparing a child for school than textbooks and worksheets. One of everyone's favorite reasons for keeping a computer in the house is for entertainment. When on a computer, anyone can play cards, chess, pinball or game websites like addictinggames.com, go on youtube.com to watch videos, or much much more. ""I like to spend some of my free time on addictinggames.com,"" says @PERSON1. Also, after taking a poll. I found out that @PERCENT2 of kids and teens prefer online games to board games. As you can see, there are many reasons why having a computer in the house is important. There are also many more than what I listed. However, I think the main ones are to keep in touch with friends and family, to use the computer for educational purposes, and for entertainment. I'm very grateful for the computer in my house because I use @CAPS1 everyday for those purposes, and so does everyone else in my family. A computer is one of the most important things in the average home."