"Dear newspaper editor, @CAPS1 you have a computer? @CAPS1 your kids spend all of their time on it talking in people or going on facebook or myspace? Well that’s fun and all for a few hours but some people spend a lot of time on there. They don't go out and get exercise or interact with their family and friends. Also they @MONTH1 end up getting in trouble in school or at home. If you spend all of your time on the computer doing whatever your doing you won't have time to go out and exercise. Not only will it be in appeling but it could be dangerous for your health after a while. All your time gets sucked into the computer and when your on it you feel like your not on for a long time and it ends up being like a few hours. It even happens to adults, my mom was on the computer for about an hour and she felt like it was only a few mins. When your on your computer for several hours you tend to got sucked in and not interact with anyone. I know this from experience. A few months ago I spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours. This effected my life a lot, I stopped going out on weekends with my friends, I always wanted to stay home when my family wont out. Then my mom confronted me about it and I realized all of my time on the computer wasn't good. I was missing out on a lot of things. Kids @MONTH1 also get at home or at school if they are on the computer for a long time they @MONTH1 not @CAPS1 their homework and end up failing a class and then stay back. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 of the kids that stay on the computer for a long time end up either failing a class or staying rack. They @MONTH1 also get in trouble at home because they dont @CAPS1 their chores because their busy on the computer and neither the child or the children like getting in fights with one another. Now I know in a way it's good to have computers and be able to use them so we can look up information and its nice to sometimes talk to people on the computer for a little while but being on the computer for a little while but being on the computer for to long of an amount ran really mess you and your social life up. So all im trying to prove is that computers are an amazing invention but we should just use them a little less and get out and excersise, and have fun with our family and friend and @CAPS1 good in school and at home so we @CAPS1 get to spend some time on the computer. I hope you see it my way now."