"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 you love computers but fear that you or loved ones spend way to much time on them? If so, then maybe we should @CAPS1 something. Toomany people have issues with their vision due to starring at computers to long. Also, people miss out on other outdoor activities as well. Finally, if people are working off of computers for their job then there missing out on same of the other important things in life such as, interacting with family and friends, enjoying the outdoors, or just simply spending time with their close ones. Now, are you for or against this descison of people getting ""hooked"" on computers? In my opinion people should be enjoying things and not spend most of their time on computers. Since people are so dependent on computers, sometimes working form one can hurt your vision. The bright white computer screen filled with all those e-mails can really affect your vision. I know my dad always gets headaches and his vision isn't the best thing when it comes to him working on a computer all day. Being indoors and on a computer all day long makes you really miss the outdoor activites that their are. Things such as sports, nature, riding a bike and many other activities are missed out because of being on a computer all day. Only fun and energized people get out and get active. Last but not least, @CAPS1 you enjoy spending time with the ones you love but seem to busy because your on the computer all day? If so then get up and go have fun! Take the wife and kids on a hike or go and ride a bike, its awesome excersise for you, family and friends and its actually fun! So, its now or never. @CAPS1 you want to be at home on a computer all day or @CAPS1 you want to be high energized and spending quality time with family and friends? Most impotantly @CAPS1 you want to be energized and healthy with no vision problems and stop those awful headaches? Well, without a if you get up and get active it will be the best decision you will make! So, get up, grab the kids and get going on your new and energized, pain free life."