"Dear local Newspaper, I think people using a computer has a effect. using a computer can help people in many ways. You can talk to people world wide, it helps you stay organized, and you can create very useful things like a or a power point using a computer. Talking to people world wide can be a very useful thing. Say that you have family members that live in @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2 you can keep in touch with them by e-mail or video chat. Also, if there is a national and nedds to talk to the other, governers around the world for advices help he can do that quickly and easily. Using a computer can also help you stay organized. For example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places. Imagine all of the papers and space he would use if he had to do by hand or didnt use a computer. Computers also help teachers. Teachers enter grades, e-mail parents, and even create test or quizes and they know it will be nice and organized in the computer files instead of in paper files on their desk. Speaking of quizzes that teachers make on the computer, they can also make alot of other things like power points. Power points can help them put alot of information on the screen and it helps the students learn, which is a positive effect. If you had a small business that just started out you can make a brochure to help advertising. Lastily, you can go on microsoft excel and make a schedule that can help your employees know who has to work when, or students can know what class they have to be in at what time. In conclusion, computers are very helpful in everyday for alot of different people. Talking to worldwide can help you stay in, so you dont lose connection with your. They also have effect they help business people stay organized. Lastly, they can help teachers create test or powerpoints which helps kids learn. So in all, I would have to agree that computers have a positive effect on society. Also, doesn't typeing your newspaper articles make it more organized and quicker to print them?"