"I believe computers are a good thing for several reasons. Three reasons why computers are good is that you communicate with other people. You can also use them to meet new people. Finally you can also use them for planning. My first reason why computers are good is that you communicate with other people. My parents use e-mail all the time. They taly to my grandparents, then friends, and even use it to arrange events with other people. My use it when people are hurt and I know some people use it to learn about magazine subscription and other thing to buy. My favorite thing is that my parents use e-mail to talk with my grandparents about my birthday presents. My second reason why computers are a good thing to have is that you can use them to meet new people. I know there are alot of websites that match you with someone based on what you like and do. You can also use e-mail to talk to friends and they @MONTH1 want to see you again and you can meet people that way. Therea are thousands of ways to meet new people. You can use chat websites or you can use sites like facebook or myspace. My third and final reason why computers are good is that you can use them to plan a vacation or move dining reservations. For example me and my family went on vacation to @LOCATION1, and my mom made all the reservations from our computer at home. My parents aren't the only ones. Many people travel dening vacation, and propbably @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 people use a computer to reserve hotels. I also wanted to take you to the other side without computers. If we don't have computers we would have do send mail through the post office and by the time that gets to your house someone could have new baby could have been born. Plus we would also find up doing bills and taxes without computer software. My parents life and my life would be very hectic if we didn't have computers. Once again I believe computers are good and that more than half of america use them. I believe this because you can use them to talk to other family that @MONTH1 be far away. You can meet new people through online dating services. Then theres the always helpful panning part, so you go online and reserve a hotel on dinner at a resturaunt. Plus if we didn't have computers we would have to do bills and taxes the old fashioned. My where you add up and subtract and divide. It's alot less words if you use a computer."