"Dear editor of the @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 you know @PERCENT1 of people in @LOCATION3 own computers! Could you imagine a life without them? Computer do benifit society. I cant even remember the last time I went a day without a computer. All of this talk about computer being bad for society really got thinking. There is no way possible that computers are bad. for example computers are good for motor skills and what about school work computers help a lot when you forget your homework log at school and lastly sociability! I don't know about you but I couldn't live without computers! Computers teach hand-eye coordination! which we all know we need to play sports! Also with all the typing you do there is definatly some exercise for your wrists! I should know that they do because I woke both my wrists, at the same time and when I went to rehab they told me I should try getting my wrists back to normal by typing and having of calcium but that's another story. Computers are also great for school say that you forget your homework log at school so you don't know what you had for homework well you could call a friend but wouldn't adjust be easier to go online to the teachers webpage? teachers always have there homeworks listed on a school web page. And no you realize you forgot your mathbook to! have no fear the online textbook is here! and thats a lot easier then going back to the school to get it! don't you think? Lastly when you have a big project you can do research on anything and everything in the world! from ants to @LOCATION2 its all there. Here's a big benifit to society for you on all of the social networking sites such as facebook myspace and so man more arn't you able to leave comments on friends profiles or even chat with them! Which brings me to tm my next topics chatting on the computer! There is @CAPS2 and like I said before you can even chat on social networking sites. And lets say that you arn't able to watch the news cant you go online and check that to! There are so many social things to do on the computer and those are just some. So I hope those @PERCENT1 of people and even people that don't own computers are on my side. So we can prove that computers are good for motor skills, school work and even social networking. So please be on my side so we can show the public that computers are social!"