"Dear local newspaper, I agree with the people that support advances in technology. I believe computers have a positive effect on people because they can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain. My first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it can be educational. Many people believe computers are good for nothing. Even though they can be use for many things like research! For example, if you are a student you @MONTH1 need to do a project. Computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book. Another reason why computers are educational is because you can use them to read. You can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer. Not only is that education but that also helps the environment because you would be saving paper. Sometimes you @MONTH1 simply be curious about something, your computer will be right their for you to use. Computers also have another positive effect on people, they can be used for communication. Nobody likes a distant family, but with a computer you can communicate with family and friends from all over the world! This effect is positive because it helps everyone stay in touch. Many people have very busy lives and don't have time in write a letter or make phone call. So, instead those people could just quickly and easily send a email no instant message to who ever they need to talk to. Some experts are concerned that people too much time on the computer and less time excercising, enjoying nature and interacting both friends and family. These experts don't realize that you can use a computer to instead with friends and family. A computer many family thing. You can watch movie as a family or multiplayes games together on the computer. on the computer is a postive effect because while doing on the computer as a family you would for example, using a computer to be entertaind is safer than doing something entertaining . Where you and your family would be to many dangers. There are various reasons why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Computers can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain. Those are only my main reasons they are many more. And that is why I support advances in technology and behave computers have a positive effect on people."