"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 the years, the streets have become less crowded with people interacting exercising, and enjoying nature. Is this good or bad? Technology has advanced so far that it might be better to stay home and on the computer than taking a walk in the park. Computers do have a positive effect on people because they have advertisements that encourage exercise, advertisements that encourage travel and enjoying nature, and computers allow people to interact from anywhere in the world. Firstly, computers are full of great advertisements. Some advertisements talk about joining a gym and exercising. Studys show that <@PERCENT1@NUM1> of kids without computers do not get enough exercise, whereas only @PERCENT1 of kids with computers do not get enough exercise. These statistics show that computers are better for people's health than they are thought to be. Next, computers have even more advertisements that encourage people to travel around the world. By doing this, people's intellegence will increase because they will learn new facts about new places. Also, people will be happier because they enjoy travel. Lastly, people's jobs will benefit it they're business depends on the advertisements they post on the internet. Finally, the technology used in computers today allows people to talk to friends from nearly anywhere in the world on a computer. Social sites such as facebook alow people to see pictures from where their friends have traveled. Webcams allow people to talk face to face up close about the new gym they joined. <@PERCENT1@NUM2> of people say they have a better social life online then out in the open when their friends might not be there to talk. I conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people because they have advertisements that encourage people to exercise, encourage travel, and computers allow people to talk from anywhere in the world. Technology is there to make the world a happier , healthier, and more social place. That is why computers have a very positive effect on people around the world."