"I don't think computers benefit the society as much as every one thinks. When people spend most of their time on computers they don't have time to spend with their family, people don't excersise enough when they are on computers wich causes them to become obiese, and you @MONTH1 meet up somewhere with a bad person you met in facebook or myspace. These are the main reasons computers don't benefit society. The number one reason computers ain't beneficial is because you need sometime to spend with your family. But, when you are on computers twenty-four-seven you have absolutly no time with your family and friends. I belive that families need to eat dinner together and have at least one hour with one another. Some good ways to spend time with your family is to play games together, go on a walk, or even go to a bike ride together. Did you know that computers have a medium sized effect on how people become obiese? If you are at school from seven till -thirty and after school you spend seven hours on your computer you will become fatter because you will have absolutly no time to excersise. When you just eat and don't excersise your body will not just burn off all that fat you ate. When you are on a computer you are probably go on to facebook or myspace. On these chating websites you can make arangments to go some where with someone you don't even know. If you meet up with them they could be a killer, a kidnaper, or a rapist. So there for you can litteraly die or get hurt because of your computer. Thats why e-mail is the absolute safest way to chat online if your were to have a computer. These are the main reasons why computers are not beneficial to the society. Also you @MONTH1 not spend enough time with family or friends, you can become obiese because you don't have ""time"" to excersise and you can be kidnapt by someone you don't even know through facebook or myspace. How would you like it if you had no time with your family, you were obiese, and you got kidnaped because you met up with someone that thought was nice through facebook or even myspace?"