"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 editor, I have recently seen on the channel @NUM1 news that you want to know about the. Computers have on people. In the past, everyone has computers and gets knowledge from them. @PERCENT1 of the @CAPS3 surveyed at the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 agree computers are helpful to us. In my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people. The first reason is computers teach hand eye coordination. Without this coordination, people would not survive. The users be over very quickly. The computer makes us use these muscles so we can live happily. @PERCENT1 of the @CAPS3 recently took a survey at the @CAPS3 @CAPS4, agree computers are the main source of hand eye coordination. Dr. @DR1 expert in relationship to humans said, ""People without computers cant do what others can. They are unable to have fast reaction time."" To sum it up computers help with hand eye coordination. The second reason is computers allow us to learn about far away places. when you can't look up and learn about places, you are not about them. You're lucky if you know when in the world they are. Computers allow you to look up those places. You can look into going there for vacation or doing a report. @PERCENT2 of the adults who surveyed at the public library said the computers help. They are full of so much more information than books. To sum it up, computers allow you to learn about far away places. The third reason is computers allow you to talk online to people. This extends your friend ships with people. You can talk on the computer, not just at school. It also allows you meet new and different people. You can talk to people in @LOCATION1 that you couldn't talk to without computers. Computers allow you to open up the to all people. @PERCENT1 of parents who took a poll in @ORGANIZATION1 say they want their children to learn about different cultures. They need the computer for that task. To sum it up, computers allow you to talk online to people. In conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. The reasons are to teach hand eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk to people online. I strongly urge you to look at any point of view closely. This decision is now up to you. "