"I support the advance in technology especially in computers. Using the computer can teach hand-eye coordination, give you the ability to learn about faraway places or people, and give you the opportunity to talk online with other people. Hand-eye coordination is a very important skill to have. it quickens reflexes during everyday life. Hand-eye coordination is needed especially for sports like baseball, football, or basketball. Without computers, many people would lack hand-eye coordination. If you are driving a car on the highway, when suddenly a car swerves onto the wrong side of the road and is heading toward you, you need to react fast. Without hand-eye, you could die. Using computers could possibly save your life one day. If somebody wants to go to a foreign country, but doesn't know anything about it, he could lost it we on the internet. The internet is a major part in having computers. Without it, people probably wouldn't be able to research a country with ease or learn about other people. Some people @MONTH1 think that using the computer too much restricts people from getting exercise, which is true in some cases, but the computer is very useful to have if you want to know about something. Like who won the election, or who won the sports championship. The computers is almost a neccesity in every home. The computer gives people the opportunity to chat online with other people. Some they @MONTH1 know in real life, or some they met online. It expands peoples interactive life, helping them make new friends. Though this is great thing to have acces to, it is still important to socialize with people in person, rather than socializing online. Some people have trouble talking to people in person and more comfortable chatting over the computer. Maybe this person could make a friend, and one day meet them in real life. This @MONTH1 be dangerous for younger people, so be careful. I support the advancement in computer technology because it gives people greater reflexs, gives people the opportuniyt to research faraway places, and gives people access to the internet to chat with people online. These are three huge advantages than using computers give people."