"Dear local Newspaper, @CAPS1 has come to @CAPS2 attention that we are debating on weather or not computers benefit society. Well if you ask me, I think @CAPS1 does. For one computers help with entertainment. Second of all, they're very information. Lastly, computers make life less stressful. In the following paragraphs I will explain on @CAPS2 reasoning. Firstly, computers give entertainment. Now I can see why people say we should go out side more and excersize but, what are supposed to do on a rainy day? Well, you could go on the computer! Plus, computers give children enjoyment and make them happy, instead of being sometimes. Another reason why computers are good, is they can give children modivation. Say you're child really wants to play a new game on his favorite website, but his homework isnt done you could tell him if he gets his homework done he can play on the computer. Also, you could give him a time limit on @CAPS1 too. Lastly, for a teenager or older they are more social than little children. They go on things like ; twitter, facebook and myspace. Computers is probably their @NUM1 or @NUM2 way they communicate. Unfortuneatley. Some people abuse these rights and people get in trouble. But the good thing is you can customize you page so that won't happen. Any way children become more social. Secondly, computers are informational. They can tell you a lot by just the touch of keypad and the click of a mouse. You can search someone or something across the whole world. If you want to know the mother and how to prepare for @CAPS1, just look @CAPS1 up and do what you have to. Also, if you find out something new tell people, you can spread the knowledge. Thirdly, computers make things less stressfull. which would you rather do, type or @NUM3 pages? Well I'd type! computers make things more organized so @CAPS1's easier to find things. @CAPS1 also makes @CAPS1 easier to find things, like files because you can just do to ""@CAPS2 documents"" and find @CAPS1. As you can set computers are an important part our lives. Can you imagine a world without computers? I sure couldn't! So far i've said computers are entertaining, informational and make things less stressful. I hope you take @CAPS2 letter into concideration."