"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 are so many people that addicted to computers. They think that computer can help them but yes to others it helps them to their work and education. Most children are addicted to computer games. @CAPS1 are @PERCENT1 of children who are addicted to computers. For some reason, computers had a lot of effects on people. It might affect children's education or it might be the cause why your bills of electricity went higher. The worst of having computer at home, it can be a reason for millions of teenagers that got killed for always talking online with people they don't know. Computers are sometimes dangerous for people. Do people still need computer? Having computer at home is not good specially to children. This is because computers can affect their education. Parents don't want that to happen to their children. A lots of uneducated children that stay home or do drugs in the street. Yes computer can help them for their studies or computer can help them for their studies or projects but other children in the computer because they just want to play games. That's why a lot of them didn't learn anything at school but they learn a lot in the computer games. They should stop the computer games. Also, having computers at home can be the cause of people's electricity bills that went higher than they had @DATE1 when they didn't have computers. Other people think that computers can't give you any problem but computers works with electricity and pay for the electricity bills. If you have @MONEY1 for your electricity bill @DATE1 year when you didn't have computer, it might go high to @MONEY2 for your bill that now you have the computer. It's a big problem for you. Nevertheless, computers are dangerous. Computers can be good or bad. Without a doubt, @PERCENT2 of teenagers have been killed because of talking online with strangers people. Most website like @CAPS2 is now in danger. @DATE1 @DATE1 months, husband and wife got killed because of @CAPS2. The husband killed his wife because of being ""single"" in her relationship status on her @CAPS2. She got shot by her husband. However, her husband killed himself. They're both got shot! Talking online and meeting up with strangers people you don't know can be a reason of your lost. Parents should not have computers at home unless they will use it but it needs to be at their room where children can't use it. Now is the time to agree! Do we need computers at home? Can we live without the computer? We don't need computers at home and yes we can live without the computer. We can do any activities with our family, exercise for our health, go picnic with friends or we have fun go on vacation with the whole family. Local newspaper, I want you to tell the people to stop the computer and tell them to go out with their family and have fun doing activities or go on vacation."