"Do you feel that computers effect you in a possitive way? well i don't. I feel that computers have a neggative effect on people. I feel this way because you wan't be getting enough excersize in your life, you'll have a high light bill, and it'll begin to interfear in your everyday life. Now that i've shown my reasons, all defind them in detailed sentences. To start my essay, i feel that people want begetting enough excersize. I feel this because if your on the computer all day, and you don't go outside to talk, as side your bike then you went be burning any calarise. You'll be come a couch potatoe which down the line can become fatal to your health. As you get oldes you can possibly became with a list of items that can be wrong with you such as diebites, high cholesteal, and heart problems. Also i feel that if you are constantly sitting in front of a computer @NUM1, then you can possibly injure your back, which can add on to the list of problems with your health do to not enough exersice. Next, i feel that if your constantly on the computer, then your parents will have an extremely high light bill. Your parents will be with you, can possibly be in to the light company. If your always on the computer non stop, before you knew it the bill will be so high be able to pay it, you'll hour a high light bill, and can possibly be without light in your house. My personal opinion is that i dont feel computers are worth a family being in without light. Finally, i feel that computers will day life. I feel way if your always on the computers, and your never outside, then your friends will like you want to be bothered. They'll feel like your ignoring them, and you'll begin to lose friends that been there for you, and helped you when you needed it most. Also computers can effect your everyday life by ruining your social life. You'll always be inside, while your missing opportunities to meet new people, and build your social skillz. To conclude this essay, live brought to you my ideas, and opinions about computers. I've explained to you my reasons wich are you want be getting enough excersize, you'll have a high light bill, and it'll interfear with in your every day life. I've provided you with facts, and details about the consequences about computers, now you decide whether computers have a possitive or negative efect on people."