"Dear Newspaper, I am writing to you @DATE1 because think computers really effect people in a bad way. I say this becuause @CAPS1 you go on the internet you do not get that much excirse. You also don't get good grades at all! That's bad thing. Plus when on a computer there are some really wierd people. I really want you guys to hear out my story. Go outside! @CAPS3 mom I'm on the computer! @CAPS1 your on the computer to much you want want to get exersce. @CAPS1 you don't get excise you won't be healthy! you want get excise. Also you will obese you don't want that! For instance when your in gym class you want to be healthy. So you can and you will get a good grade. Do you want a bad grades? That sums it up on. You got an @CAPS2! On your report card? When you spend alot of your time on a computer then you will get addicted. @CAPS1 you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop. You will get bad grades in school. Then you have a possibilty to stay back. Plus then the parents to flipout on. This is one of my reasons why computers effect people in a bad way! When you go on the computer you have @CAPS3 clue who you are talking to unless your thier friends. There has been very many cases that kids getting stolen because of facebook and myspace. @CAPS1 your kid goes on those websites than your kids' always at danger! There are cyber and they could find out where you live that information about you. For instance there was a case on myspace that a kid thought she was talking to a @NUM1 year old boy she was really talking to a @NUM2 something year old guy. Then the girl went missing for about weeks. That was. So you can never trust a computer. When you take a real good look at computers you will see they are just @CAPS3 good. All my reasons before. They are you will not get nearly the amount of you are supose to. Your grade will plummet down @CAPS1 you stay on the computer and they trick you. So even know you can communicate with your friends. Its just not worth it."