"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 is your opinion on computers? Are they good or bad? Computers, have not been around that long but it is contrivertal wiether it has a positive or negative effect. True they do help people research certain topics but they are also hazardous. I believe computer are not a neccesity to people. Computers are uneeded because people spend way to much time on them, then we begin lack exercise, and they become hazardous to everyone. First, computers are not a neccesity because people send way to much time on them. Once you are on a computer for over an hour to an hour -and-a-half the computer will start to effect you in negative ways. For one your eyes will begin to hurt. If you stay on longer than that you will start to get a head-ach. Soon your head-ach wil turn so bad you cant bare it. It will pound and feel as if its on fire. This happens because your brain cannot take in the brightness of the computer and @CAPS2 your reading or seeing at the same time. Most of the time this happens eventually you will lock yourself in time a darkroom to rest. Sometimes you don't get off till they have a stomach-ach too. After they get off and feel better they go back on to repeat the process. This is why, computer are an obstruction to us. Next, people begin to lose exercise. After being on the computer for so long all they have time to do is eat, sleep, and go to work or school. Computer have deprived everyone of the outside. They don't want to go out and get exercise and play around. Living in those conditions can only lead to one thing, obysity. Soon you will become fat. Life will become tough. And being fat also has a negative effect. For one you cannot run very long, you become weak, and for kids you stop growing. But the worst is you will not live as long as you would if you were healthy. So you see computers are a nucence to our society. Finally, computers are hazardous to the envirnment. There are @NUM1 billion people in the world. At anytime about @NUM2 billion are on some sort of electronic device. When you are on a computer, have you ever noticed the hot air blowing out of the fan. Now, have you ever thought were this heat goes. Well, it makes holes in the ozon layer and causes global warning. The ozon layer is the only thing keeping the sun's ultra-violent rays from scorting us. Now if everytime some turns on a computer @NUM3 of the ozon layer disapeared and @NUM2 billion people are on that would be @NUM2 billion mm gone from our atmosphere. Now think about global warming. If the ozon layer is like a bubble, the heat is trapped inside. So this heat will eventually heat up the earth. This will cause the @CAPS3 to melt and then the sea will rise. The @CAPS3 has enough water in it to flood the earth. Do you reall want that. Eventually we would drown and life would seece to exist. As you can see computer are a nucents. They hypnotize the young children and adults. They be helpful but more hazardous. Sometimes we don't even relize this. Computers are bad because people spent to much time on them, people lose exercise, and they are hazardous to us."