"People often say that computers and technology are bad for you, but yet i think they have helped our society out very well. Computers help people through there trouble. Computers make our lives easier. By, when you buy things now there are computers adding and subtracting your amounts, They help people find out where to go, And last but not least they help friends and family stay in tuch with each other. With out computers we would have to wait in longer lines for what we want to buy. For instince stop & shop they have computers to check out people and the lines are already long enough. If we had no computers the lines would be even longer because then the people would have to add up the money by hand. Also with out computers you would not be able to weigh you good as fast as we do now in grosery stores we would have to hand weigh it. With out computer days at the grorsury stores would be very long. Without computers you would not have @CAPS1 and places online that give you directions. You would have to have use the bid maps driving to places. Those mapes could get lost wile you are driving. You can lose yout spot, And some times you @MONTH1 mark out the wrong spots on you map. With computers you can have @CAPS1, Online directions that can tell you the fastest and easest way to get to your place. Also with computers it saves papers on maps and we do not wast as much trees. Have you ever been in the situation were you want to go visit your family member out of state but you just dont have the money? well many people have and now insted of waisting (the money they dont have). They can video chat, talk, look at peoples pitchers and keep updated with them on the computer. You do not need to spend tons of money on it, it is all free, they are social networking sites. That people use to keep in tuch with family and friends. Those sites you have to use on. the computer so with out computers you would have to travel in a car waste money and the air with your car. In conclution i think computers have helped out society out very well!!!"