"The @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 Newspaper just found out that there is a big arguement going on saying that computer are not benefiting society. The other side those who support advances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people. Well the @ORGANIZATION1 had to choose a side and the side that they have chosen that computer have a positive affect on people. Yo know why we pick this side because are three reasons why computers are good. Like number one they teach people about far away places and people, @CAPS1 computers are a good sorce of entertainment, and last but not least @CAPS1 computers are good chat room. When @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 are finished telling you why these three reason are good the peoples @CAPS1 computer will win this war! First reason is do you like wasting time walking though the library looking for places or @ORGANIZATION1 people. Well if you have a computer you do not have to deal with these all you have to do is go to sarch and put these person or place name and you will see that in less than a min you have information that will take hours to find in a library. I know this because it happen to me looking for a book that talks about the @CAPS2 caladers. I could not find I had to go on a computer for the information. Secound reason why because computers are a good sorce of entertainment. You know if you got bord and you have computer you can easily just go on it and play so many fun games like @CAPS3 @CAPS4, dragonwars, or any fun game that you can find on a computer. There are so many games to chosse from that you will never get borad. Third reason is the computer is a fun way of talking to friends or family. Like are so many sites that you can chosse to talk to friend or family like @CAPS5, @CAPS6 or even @ORGANIZATION2. Also did you know you can send videos or even pictures of stuff to friends or family. So go on a computers and talk to your friend even that person a picture or something. My cunclision is I hope you take want I said to heart and chosse want the newspaper have as a dision."