"Dear local newspaper I think that the effects that computers have on people are that some people become very adictive to them, because some people spend lot of time in the computer doing noting because they just spend their money buying things that they don't need. I also think that computers affect people in the way that they don't spend lot of time with their family. The effects that computers have on people is that some people can't stop using them even if they want. People become very adictive to computers because they spend almost all their time in there. People don't exercise no more because they spend all their time on the computer, shoping things that they don't need they just buy them because they like them. The effects that computers have on people are that some people just to be talking to their friend on myspace. His facebook and other websites that are not good for them. I think that the effects that computers have on people are that they take away people's time because some people spend lot of time on the computers, living their family's alone without spending time with them. Computers take away peoples time because they don't spend time exercising or playing out side with friends or brothers or go to a park to spend same time with their family or have a contact with family and invite some friends to come over to have some good time instead of being in the computer all day without doing nothing. Computer's take away time or love for your family and they make you spend the time that you don't have. The effect's that computers have on people are bad because people can't stop using them even if the wanted to because they are all ready adictive to them. People can't stop using them because in the computers you could do lot's of things like shoping talk to friends and visit websites that have very interesting things from other countries that are very beutiful but some people can't stop using them because they go to play games or because they are down loding music from websites that they don't have to. In conclusion i think that the effects that computers have on people are very bad because some people spend lot of time on them and they even spend the time that they don't have and the time they need. I also think that computers affect people because they don't spend time with their family sharing good things. The effects that computers also have are that people can't step using them because they are adictive to them."