"Dear @CAPS1, you sit down at the computer with a glass water and an afterschool snack, possibly an after work snack. You log on to your many accounts, open some chat boxes with your friends & start researching for your project. As more & more people log on to technology, they seem to come out with new things for computers. Some people are missing out, & dont see the negatives, like social relationships failing, procrastinatting, lack of learning & more! Beep! one new @CAPS2 message. On the computer you can talk to your friends & family, but sometimes people are on so much that in real life relationships fail. You cant type a @ORGANIZATION1 message or hide your feelings behind a screen. Also for kids when they get older, many jobs require customer service, and if you only are good at talking to people on the computer, it cant help you. Whatever you say on the internet can be read & posted anywhere, any site, any time, whereas in real life its really you talking. School are learning are very important too, but sometimes I know I have homework but procrastinate and say ""@CAPS3 @CAPS4 do it later, i need to check this out!"" putting my learning to a stop. Some people dont like school, but its very important in a persons life if you like to be successful, you need to balance school, learning, computer time, and dont forget exercise & possibly work! Computers can be helpful with research & guides, but facebook or twitter is going to slow you down. So buckle down start that research! Chatrooms, @ORGANIZATION2, email and other things can be harmful to you. There are many predators out there who are just waiting for anybody to log on. Its very dangerous, and someone can pretend to be someone there not. Also, computer all day with no exercise can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hands posture can give you carpal tunnel syndrome. There are many bad things that result from computers. Many times in your life youll need to find a balance. Dont overlook the negative or you could get hurt. Computers are nice to have, but be careful not to whittle away all of your time on it!"