"Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 you believe people spend way to much that on computers? In a survey @PERCENT1 out of @NUM1 of people rather go on the computer then take a walk in as parts. People who spend a lot of time on computers are lacking important things. For istance, they spend so much time on computer they have lose time to exerise, enjoy natue, and interact with friends and family. Computers have a negative effect on people. Many people don't excerise for only @NUM2 min. But when you are distracted on your computer aming or facebooking you forget to excrise or just go it for @NUM3 min. Because you want to get back to the computer. Computers on your desk starring at you and you sampled to go on. While, the yoga mat or weights sit on ground sterring at you too. However, the computers is mak fun and less woris. Therefore, your more willing to go on computer then excrise. Computers make it hand to excrise because your less into thinking how to this right and take you the because your thinking about a computer game, you played facebook, email and bunch more things on computer. So computers are unhealthy for people to have. Nature is beatiful, how the trees sway in the and butterflies fly in the air then there are all type of seasons with beatiful senery and. However there re stuffy room with sholves a desk and some picture that's the serey the people got when @MONTH1 are on the computer all the time. People are missing out on enjoying nature little and big beatities. People comuter aren't walking on beach on taking a nice long hike in woods dad not taking a stroll in a ark these are missing out on getting some fresh air and seeing the senery nature has to offer us. Instead they are sitting chair starring at a computer screen. However, pretty could that be compared to enjoying nature beatity? Computers are testing away people enjoying nature. Hanging-out with friends are family is a fun thing to @CAPS1 but how are you suppose to long out with them if your to the computer? They aren't going to internet with their friends or family. This could affect their future they could grow up sad and lonely aren't know how to act around people they get job their works around people. The people who are addicted to computer are missing out an doing something fun with some they lose or enjoy to be around. Computers could be people far away friends but how about instead call that friend on. They probably rather hear wire then. See a message so computers interesting with friends and family. Now, that you know how had the computers affect people you can understand why I'm computers. They cut in the peoples the excrise, and have people not enjoying nature. people want hang out with friends and famlies. So hopefully you can see what a bad affect computers have."