"I think that computers are very valueable and help a lot of people I think that computers should be used for information that could help students with their homework or to study for a test and also for adults to look up things such as directions, adresses, and prices of clothes and other items. They are also good because they help you communicate with friends and help people make plans to do with friends. However some people should limit themselves on things like facebook and twitter, some people spend too much time on those things and should limit themselves to just @NUM1 minutes a day on those sites. One of the reasons I think computers are good is because some students might not now the answer to something on their homework and could use the computer to find out the answers. Another reason why computer can be very valueable to all students is because lets say a student has a quiz on mitusis and cells in science the next day and doesnt really understand it they could use the computer to learn about it and do good on their quiz. Another reason that computer are good for people is because it helps them communicate with theri friends. Some kids are only and arent that gool at interacting with people in person. But these social networking sites help them come out of their shells and make them a little less shy and make more friends. however like I said earlier some poepleget carried away and spend too much time doing this kind of stoffs and should limit themselves to just @NUM1 minutes per day on these social networking sites. Some people use their computers for other important things like buying things and getting directions and adresses. If somebody want to go to a store in a different town but didnt know where it was they could up the address an dthen find the directions to that place some people also use the computer to purchase things like groceriess and clothes. Sometimes people save money because they buy something online a sale than going to a store and paying anymore money. As you can see the computer has a lot of positives. Therefore I encourage you to support computers, because they are so useful and valuable."