"Dear Newspaper editor I would like to make @CAPS3 about the benifits of owning a computer. For example you can learn many thing you would of never of been able too, you can also go in chat rooms and talk with friends or other people and it can even make teaching esyer too. Computers in many countres are standard and we use then to learn many things but if you bring one to the tribes in @LOCATION1 it will look like a alein object but once they know how to use it it can open there eyes for ever many people in remote ribes and areas dont even know theres been a man on the meon. Another great thing about the computer is you can pay bills such as taxes, insurance, credit cards and othe payments which is good so if you cant get of your house or the place is closed you wont get late fees and it can even help you save large amounts of money too. Many people use the computer to socialize by joining online website such as @CAPS1, twitter and myspace were you can talk veiw pictures and see what friends are up to. Also on @CAPS2 you can message friends too. Further more many people play games on the computer some are single player and some are online and have millions of players on at a time. you can also hook other gaming system up to your computer to play with other people and even yet hints and cheats too. The biggest reasons that computers are benifit though is that they revolutionized school now for homework instead of doing a work sheet you go on the computer and do it and print it out or email it to your teacher. Another reason the computer is amazing is that it makes research for projects and home work much more easyer, redrable and it ean give you a much more broader view of the topic. By far the best thing ahead the computer is the fact that many teachers use them to teach with and show videos. Therefore it is much easier to learn and under stand thing wich will help us in the future be successful. Also many kids pay less attention when a teaches is giving a lecture but when there is a computer playing a video it will grasp the students attention much better. These are all the reasons why I think the computer is a excellant invention and every family and school should own one I hope you will find my @CAPS3 very persuading and puplish it."