"Dear local Newspaper editor, More and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks that is such a good idea. Those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. Other experts disagree. I think that computers do have a positive effect on people because they let you learn about anything all over the world, they let you talk online with other people, and teach hand eye coordination. I think that computers are very helpful. Dont you love having the oppritunity to research anything from any part of the world that you want to learn about? I'm sure that everyone who has a computer does. With computers, you can use search engines like, google, yahoo, ask, and so many more. I know that computers help me with research all the time when I do projects or write papers for school. The internet is a great, reliable that you cango to when researching a topic for shcool or even just looking for an answer to a simple question. My next reason is that computers let you talk to other people online. Things like facebook, email, myspace, and web-caming all let you communicate with people anywhere in the world. For example, I have an aunt that lives in @LOCATION1, and on christmas me and my family used my cousins webcam to see her and talk to her when we couldnt be with her on a special holiday. Also, things like facebook and myspace let you put up pictures and chat with friends and family all over the world. My last reason why I think computers have a positve effect on people is that playing on the computer is a good leisure time activity. There are all kinds of fun games you can play, and some even let you compete with other people around the world. For example, internet checkers is a game that lets you compete against someone else. There are so many websites that let you pick games you want to play out of a huge selection. Its obvious that computers have a positive effect on people for research, talking to friends & family and leisure activities. I hope you agree with me!"