"Hi my name is @CAPS1 and I'm writing to the local news paper to say that computers are good for people and helps alot like how to get one place two another, how to learn about black history or famous people that did something to the world, and how to find out the news and weather from home or at work, how to keep your besnness going without computers their jobs would be hopless, and like of your family or you tyring to make it in life and the only way to get in contact would be the computers there are computers every where even doctors use them at a hospital to keep people alive to see what wrong with them and where they came from, and one more jobs need computers to, to see if the person is capable for the job so they might look for background information with out it even you would not have a good job so hee are some resons why computers are important. One of them is we need computers for so that we can get around, if your planing to ge some where for the @DATE1 you would look on the computer for that perfect place. Second if you don't know how to get there of corse you can use a @CAPS2 but the computer is the best because it shows the miles and how long would it take to get there so thats one of them. And second to help learn about black history month and famous people, we all know that black history month is in books but not lot of boosks have alot of info in them thats why the computer comes in handy because like on google it gives you more info and shows the image of that person so that you know who they aare, like a famous singer or raper you @MONTH1 like but knows nothing about them you would use the computer, @CAPS3 because thats the best thing to do. Third would be how to find out the news and weather, I if you did not watch the news because you missed it what could you do is go on a news site and watch the news that have been aired on tv, or a favirote show to if you want. Foruth would be besnness, with out computers there busnness would be hopless it would not last that long. @NUM1. They would not knwo there profits @NUM2. how would they monege anything, that would happen if they did not have any type of computers. There lots of more stuff that coulf have said that prove computers are good and why we need them but i just had to cut it short and schools need computers the most to take test on the computers of they have to, so thats all the resons why we need computer and why they are good bye."