"Computers? Have you ever thought of how a computer is made or how every small part of a computer is installed? Well, unfortunately I don't have the answers to these questions but I do have another quistion for you to think about. Are computer's bad for you? Well, I think that they arn't because first of all, they teach us hand-eye coordination, give people the chance to learn about places and people that they have never seen or even heard of, and lastly the allow people to talk to faraway relatives or friends without ever having to go to them. As I was say in before, the computer gives people good eye-coordination. For example people usually are not very good catching a ball at first but of course if you keep on practicing you will get better. Same thing with the computer, at first you arnt very good or fast at typing but if you keep practicing you will gradually get quicker at it. Then this good habit will help you while your at school or at work. Second the computer gives people the ability to learn about places or people that they have never seen or heard about. For example some people might have yet not heard the warter falls, trails, or food's from @ORGANIZATION1. Another example is that mabey some people might not know about the belly dance came from @LOCATION1. or the big dragon came from @LOCATION2. The excelant source to find out all these things in a quick amount of time without having to . The computer is also excellent for elderly people are in weel chairs and can't take too much . Lastly, it let's people talk to far away relatives or family members online. This is better because then mabey a father went on a busines trip to another country and talking on the phone is really satisfying also you can forget about sending letters. It is always nice to greet a father, a mother, or even distant cousin online were you can see how much they have grown. I hope you you have taken my side on this judgement for it is very important to me. Please remember my three reasons and don't forget that this includes you to."