"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 tired, lazy people sitting on their computer and wasting their life bacause of it. The issue to with is do you think that people are spending to much time on the computer or not. I strongly believe that people are spending to much time on the computer. And, here are @CAPS2 reasons why, people are spending less time exercising, people not enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends. Without a doubt you probably know that exercising is at least somewhat helpful to life, @CAPS4 if people are sitting home @NUM1 on the computer with no exercise, it is going to cause people to gain an excess amount of wait. Because the more they just sit around. And do nothing except the computer. The more they're going to be and the more lazy they're going to be. So they're not going to want to do anything and really it's just a waist of life. And, in some cases it can cause depression. Just ask a local resident who says "" @CAPS2 mom used to be on the computer all the time and did nothing with her life,"" and @CAPS3 she became depressed. And, soon after, killed herself."" @CAPS3 more and more people are going to become like. I know that a lot of people like to be outside when its a nice sunny day. @CAPS4 @CAPS1 somebody on that day in a room, with their eyes to the computer screen. Because they cant think of anything else to do with their lives. @CAPS4 @CAPS1 if that was someone you loved. Doing that with their life. I'm pretty sure you would try to do something to help them get off that path. Just ask another local resident @PERSON1 who says, ""I remember coming home everyday, and there was @CAPS2 mom, no shades up, pitch block, it was like a dark cave, and she would sit there for hours on the computer wasting her life, and I remember asking her how long has it been since you've gone outside, she answered, its been almost two months."" @CAPS4 I know from @CAPS2 family that there was a family member of mine who was a ""computer junkie"" And, I remember at a family get together @CAPS2 aunt was the only one who could never come. Because she was to busy on the computer. And, she"