"@PERCENT1 of all people in the @LOCATION3 have computers. This number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of the computer. It help us communicate better get imformation quicker and entertain us. Computer have a very positive effect on us. With the invention of the computer, more and more people can communicate quicker and eaisier. For instance, say @CAPS1 you wanted to talk to a friend in @LOCATION1, all you have to do is go on a social networking site and talk with them. Also, @CAPS1 you have relatives who live across the country, you could use webcam to talk with them. When you can talk to people from around the world. You can learn alot more about other countries culture and other cities way of life. Finally, @CAPS1 a relative is away, you can still talk to your uncle or grandma, the relationship just gets better. The internet and computers are a wealth of information. With all of the search engines on the internet you can findout how tall a maple tree is or , how to lose weight. Others @MONTH1 say that sitting down and not moving while learning is bad, but you could search about family activities nature walks and new and exciting excersises. When students need information on a school project, they can go on and search it instead of going over to the library. As a result of the internet, people are smarter. Because of the internet there is basically no more boredom. Kids and adults alike are not bored. Boredom is bad, because kids will do anything to stop it. When the computer came, people could plaly games, watch @CAPS2.V. and movies, and do business. @CAPS1 you missed you favorite @CAPS2.V. Show you can go online and watch them. @CAPS1 you need to mail a letter to @LOCATION2, e-mail comes into place, and you mail will never be slow. And finally, you can play many, many games on the internet to keep up that eye hand coordination. With all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier, better world. Theres information quicker, communication better, and entertainment better. All of the search were in a very good world."