"Dear, local newspaper people @CAPS1's lot of computer that have help us with are planet. Like not letting us dive are cars for stuff. Learninging was easyer for every one with computers too. Then have comunications with people with computers. We should hate a box the has information in it, we should be glad we have something like that in are home. Why we don't need-in us cars sometimes if you have a computer. Like some people have desided that can have @CAPS1 own busniss so they us the computer to make one. Then if you don't want to waste time driveing to buy a te-shirt you can just go on the computer and buy one. Next the more we drive the more polution git in are atmisphier. If we did not have computers are planet will get @PERCENT1 more pulluted. Each year. Now do you want that to happen to the world? Last, we wont be wasting gas on are cars because we are using computers. If the computer was taken away people will still choose the lasy way and just drive cars. Learning is easyer for every one with computers like we don't have to look in a book to find something. Then @CAPS1 different learning programs to teach us a different language. Like for lots of people have college for people who did not. Last, it can help us do are homework if we have on it. I realy my second brain, it has . Now lot of. Third, communication are going to be a hole lot with computers. Say you dont have and you to send a lot. The computer to help you, it will allow you to talk to, then you can talk to other people like the japaness who know english so you now how @CAPS1 life is to yours. You can ask people question. Or just for fun you can play mind game with other people. I got to do alot of chating with my old friend by this and I miss them but if the only way I can talk to them with out my parents yelling at me bacause the phone bill is so high. The greater or go of a computer make us know we don't have do that many stuff. Like polute are air. Then we can learn fast without a book. Last, to alow us to talk to my old friend, so can every one beleve me that the computer is not that bad."