"Dear to @CAPS1 this @MONTH1 concern, Computers do a whole lot now of days. You can play games, do homework, socialize but don't you think there are better things than that. Such as exercising, enjoying the beauty of nature, and most importantly interacting with family and friends. These are all the things that computers take away from people. Once you get onto a computer you never want to get off. If you look at it, it doesn't take much work and energy to use a computer. So if you eat and use the computer all day your not really burning any calories therefore you will gain weight. Computers make people feel lazy sometimes therefore they spend less time exercising. That is not good for your health at all. Exercising gives you energy and is good for you. Have you ever looked out the window and saw how beautiful nature is? When your on the computer chit-chatting with people and playing online friends do you think about what your missing. Everytime I use the computer I wish I could be outside playing and enjoying nature. Trees, flowers, plants, grass and lots of other things are what make up the earth, but some people don't apreciate those things. So next time your on the computer think about that. While your on the computer wasting time there is another homeless child wandering maybe looking for their family. Would you like to be that child who doesnt have a family or any type of friends? Lots of people think of their life without a family but it can happen anyday. So I believe instead of wasting time on the computer we should go and interact with family and friends. Even if its just having a conversation do it, maybe it can show them that you really care. In conclusion, I think that computers are a waste of time. I understand how people say it is used to comunicate with people but back then they didnt have computers and they communicated so we can to. Computes make you spend less time exercising, keeps you from enjoying nature and lastly interacting with family and friends. You won't go wrong if you listen to someone who uses a computer everyday."