"Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I have recently learned that the paper has decided to write about computers and how benefit society in @LOCATION1. I am writing this letter to say that I agree with how computers benefit society. @CAPS2 first reason is that computers help people educate others. They allow people to learn about hand-eye coordination. @CAPS2 final reason is computers allow you to talk online with your friends. There's a lot more in store so keep reading on. @CAPS2 first reason why computers are good for society is computers help people learn about things. To start things off computers are a great way to help out in school because it's a quicker way to get an education. For example a computer helps you study for a test with information websites like @ORGANIZATION1. @CAPS2 second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework. For example when there's a major essay due the next day, you can go on a computer and type it. It's quicker and a lot more productive. I remember this one time when i had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was @CAPS2 last day to do it. Since it was @CAPS2 last day to do it the first thing I did was to the library and type it what would have took me an hour to write took me half an hour to type. That all hear I'm moving on. @CAPS2 next reason why computers help out in society is computers help learn about hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is something that must people have, but for those who don't the computers help out in many reasons. @CAPS2 first reason is computers help learn yoga. Yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you. Computers have online video's that help you use it if you don't have the time to actually go. @CAPS2 final reason is that computers help out with sports. Sports are something that everyone loves to participate in and something that everyone likes. Computers have videos that show you how to play sports and enjoy them as much as you do in real life. I'm going on now. @CAPS2 last reason why computers help out in society is you are able to talk with your friends online. @CAPS2 first reason why you can talk with your friends is a website called @CAPS2-@CAPS3. Myspace is a website that's all about talking with your friends. It has grown extremely popular in chatting. @CAPS2 final reason is online dating. If you want to start dating again you can always start online. It allows you to start a new life without leaving your room. I should probably start rapping things up. Now that you have heard all of @CAPS2 reasons for why computers are helpful in society I should rap things up. Having computers in life is one of the most usefull things you can have. You can talk to your friends, learn handeye coordination and get an education. As you can see computers rule. There's so many more reasons but this is just one mans opinion who knows what other people think about them."