"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects computers have on people is they help make every day life easyier. First off, you can chat with people from long distances. Also, it makes home work, and finding information a lot easyier as well. Last but not least when you have nothing else to do, you can play games, and watch videos from online. One of the best things about computers is going online and chatting with @CAPS1 friends. Even if the are across the country, you can still chat with them, for free! Also, if you can't get in touch with them, you can send them a @CAPS2-mail, and as soon as they log on, they will get your message. Best of all, when you forget to write your home work down, you can go online, and ask one of your friend what it was. Besides talking to people, you can do your homework on a computer as well. All you have to do is make a word document, and type with the keys. Let me just say this is a lot better than having to write with a pencil. Not to mention, typing a paper is a lot neater. Also, if you are doing a report on something, all you have to do is look it up on the internet, and you'll get endless information about it, all on your computer! Last but not least, you can play games on your computer. Whenever someone is bored doing nothing they can just turn on a computer, and play their favorite game. Not only is it fun, but it teaches hand-eye coordination as well. Some people say they don't have the money for games, but little do they know, there are millions of free online games, that any age can play. This is great on a boring day when you have nothing else to do. In summary, the effects computers have on people is they help make everyday life easyier. You can chat with people from long distances, and it even makes home work much easyier to complete. Not to mention it has fun games for people to play when there bored, or have nothing to do. I strongly belive that computers have a positive effect on people, because of all the things they offer, and help us on. Thank you."