"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are very important to some people. Everyone uses them or has used them before. It isn't bad to own a computer because you can still excersise and be able to do the things you do everyday. Lets say that you need to look something up, the thing you always go to for information is a computer. People in schools, industries, and in homes use it all the time. Teenagers will usually go on the computer to talk to friends or maybe play games, I know I do. It's so they don't waste their time being bored all day. Excersising and being active is indeed very good for teenagers to really look into, but even though they do that, they don't push away the computer. It will always be there when they don't have anymore homework or when they finish running around the neighborhood with their friends. I can't imagine what my life would be like coming home from soccer practice and done with my homework and the computer or @CAPS1 is one of the first places I run to so I can just sit back and relax. Computers should be known as our friends. They won't hurt us. They just give us what we need and want. Reaserch is a good example because everyone uses the computer to find whatever it is that people are looking for on it. And if they're done with reaserching they can have a little fun by games and friends. But I believe that the main purpose for computers is information. Whenever I get home from school, I finish my homework and stretch a little for cheerleading then whatch @CAPS1 or go on the computer so i'm not bored. It's not that i'm not active because I'm not working out or excersising. It's because I have nothing to do, so why not make my time occupied? Everyone does it so I'm not the only one. Yes, computers are just this square box with a keyboard, but if you don't push it away from peoples common lives than you can see that they aren't what you say they are and they won't rot peoples brain or anything. The reason they are in an office or living room or bedroom is because people like them and uses them for their needs."