"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 have come very far with technology. Computers and other gadgets have helped us go farther. But the computer is one gadget that does not benefit society. My reasons for this are when you are on a computer you could be cyber bullied. My next reason is that when you stay on too long you miss out on stuff like being with family. The last reason why computers do not benefit society is when you type on a computer the spell check on @CAPS3 checks spelling and puncuation and grammar so you don't learn from your mistakes. These reasons support me in saying computers haven't really benefited society. Firstly, my first reason for saying that computers have not benefited society is you can get cyberbullied. For instance somebody goes home and checks their email. They get threatening emails. They are scared what do they do. Cyber bulling, being induced by computers, is the easiest way to bully somebody. You can make them feel bad without doing anything besides typing a message. All you really have to do is find out somebodys email. Also cyber bulling could be anybody. Some one you knkow or someone you don't. computers haven't helped in society by inducing more crimes. Next my reason is if you stay on too long you miss out on life. Between checking email accounts and updating @CAPS4 the average person spends @PERCENT1 of their day on the computer. People who spend that much time on the computer miss things. My sister always come, out asking questions in the middle of the conversation because she's following and updating on @CAPS4 while @CAPS2 are having a conversation. People miss things while on the computer. Lastly, when you are typeing an essay or something you don't learn anything about grammar or spelling because spellcheck checks it for you. Most teenagers in @LOCATION1 when texting don't use proper grammar or spelling. So they can write an essay in text language and when typing it over students choose what they mean from spellcheck and move on. This is unacceptable because students must learn proper grammar and spelling. This is reducing students thinking levels just above read and click the awnser. If computers did everything for us @CAPS2 would be mindless slugs quick. In conclusion I think computers have not benefited society. Computers inducieng cyberbulling. When you type spellcheck corrects your mistakes so you don't learn and people miss stuff when on the computer. Computers have not helped society for all of these reasons and more. Computers should be used less."