"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I do believe that computers can be positive. If you think about it, they can actually help you learn with all those different programs they have. Say you need tutoring or advice, you can basically find all that on a computer even if you have a little kid with, I'm absolutly sure that they have websites and programs for them, and trust me they're fun and educational! You know how people are complaining that computers are taking away time from exercising, and inteacting with family and friends? Well, what if you have family living somewheres else. You can chat with them! And also do execise while on the computer. I'm sure if you keep reading you'll know why I think they're positive. Having trouble in school? Are they blaming it on computers? Well we can change that! If we're able to prove to people that computers can help us learn and are educationaly then people might actually think that computers aren't bad with all of this technology that were coming up with these days arent that bad. I'm pretty sure that they have some sort of tutoring program, they even have college online! Now theres something to look into. Do you have a kid, a younger friend, or even a younger brother and sister? Are they always looking for games to play? Well I'm @PERCENT1 sure that they have fun learning games and websites on a computer! So, while the're having fun, you can just think of how much they're learning now! It's a real fun way of learning! You can just imagine on what they're learning and how well they're doing on school. Do you have family who live far away that you don't see much? Well if you all have a computer than you can posibily stay in touch! You guys can chat each other, check up on each other, and see how everyone is doing. It's a perfect way to stay in touch. Want to know what would also be a good way to connect, a webcam! You don't have to have one, it's just a suggestion. So that way not only do you get to talk to them, but you can see them too. Isn't that cool? I don't know about you but I think so. Well now that you've heart what I've had to say about how I think computers are positive. I hope you think the same too. If you really think about it, they aren't bad at all. They're actually very helpful. Thank you,"