"Dear local newspaper, Computers are effecting more and more people in the society instead of helping. A boy named, @PERSON1 started to have many health problems afer he had bought a computer. The computer that he thought uses helping him wasn’t any help at all. His health issues started to get worse. He soon started to be out of breath more always have a high blood pressure and he started to become overweight. Since he had this computer he didn't exercise or got out to spend time with his family and friends as much as he was on the internet. Computers aren't helpful, my opinion is that all they is waste time, lose your education and can make you unhealthy. As you @MONTH1 already know computer can do a lot to help you but there are some things that you don't know about computers. According to a health magazine, tests shows that using a computer for two or three hours can make you lose @PERCENT1of your brain cells. That's a lot of brain cells to lose when you are going to need them for your education. There is no way to get those back, either. After walking around the streets to listen to what people think about how computers can effect people, @PERSON2, a policeman at the police department had this to say, ""I love using computer and going on the internet, but most of the time I act on he computer at @TIME1 and find myself getting off at @NUM1 @ORGANIZATION1 can be very unsafe and unhealty. Computers can help you find what your looking for or show thigs that you have never seen before, but it is all a waste of line. Instead of going on the computer to go on facebook, youtube, or myspace you should go outside and interact with your family and friends after interviewing @PERSON3 the best female rapper so far she had this to stay ""Computers are okay but they are sometimes just a waste of time. Instead of being on the internet doing something pointless like playing a game you could be stucking far an upcoming test or doing your homework so that you wouldn't be doing it at the last minute""."