"Dear @CAPS1's at the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 to @PERSON2, ""Computers have helped me further @CAPS6 research. I can search up so many things to help a patient and keep all @CAPS6 important information organized."" @CAPS3 you question a leading doctor? I agree with @PERSON3 and say that computers are good use in society today. People were already becoming lazy because of television. You can't balme it on computers. With websites such as @CAPS4 and @CAPS5, people can keep in touch. They can make plans with one another to go for a walk in the park or dancing. These things can keep people healthy, active and in tiptop shape. Computers help people keep in contact with others. ""@CAPS6 patients can email me to schedule an appointment and let me now if they think something's very wrong with them."" say's @PERSON1. With computers, you can email distant family and friends to learn if there are problems quicker. Most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis. You also don't have to worry about running up your phone bill. you can just @CAPS4 chat with a bud instead of using up an hours worth of minutes. You can learn so much more information faster. How @CAPS3 feel if no one called and told you your bestfriend died or your mom, and you had to find out by reading the newspaper? You'd be extremely upset. I know I @CAPS3 be with email, you and your family can stay in touch with old, new, and now friends. So if anything bad happens and a person didn't know hoe to tell you, they could email you. It's so much easier than telling a person that their.mom died by email them by phone. To hear pain in a person's voice will make you want to cry. You feel their pain. So, now do you understand that computers are a great benefit to today's society? You can't blame computer's for people becoming lazy, since television was already doing that. If a person want's to be lazy, then that's their decision. you shouln't go around blaming pothers and things when its no one else's fault but that persons. This is a great way to keep in contact with other's. Plus, think of all the information you can learn. Not just about family and friends, but the world too. Thank you for taking the time to read @CAPS6 essay and I hope you can see things @CAPS6 way."