"Dear Newspaper, I strongly believe that computers do not benefit society. I believe this beacause when the computer you spend less time exercising. Secondly computers make time enjoying nature. Finally interacting with family and friends is important when on the computer you don't do much of that. Plese read on to find out what i have to say about computers. Using a computer has a of down falls but @CAPS1 of which is the lack of exerizing while on the computer. As you @MONTH1 know that many countrys are becoming obese because the lack of exersize. Computers are no help to this problem. The only exersize computer contribute is the hand and fingers but even that is bad because if you are typing and on computer for too long you will get carpeltunlye in the fingers and hands. @PERSON1, an expert on health, said ""@CAPS1 in three people go on the computer for more than @CAPS1 hour a day, which could lead to obesinty. This leads to my next paragraph. When on the computer there is no enjoying the outdoors. Enjoying nature is important to every man or women's scegule. On a computer its imposible to enjoy nature because all the computer is is a time consuming brain washing thing to do. Nature helps save the brain. Without that then you'll be very exausted all the time. Did you know @PERCENT1 of kids go outside every day that means @PERCENT2 of kids are in side on the computer. This leads to my finally topic. The computer @MONTH1 have sites where you can talk to friends but that is no where as good as seeing them in person. Your family is important so you need to spend time with them. My family always does stuff together like board games and what not. With computers there would not be any time with your family because everybody will be on the computer playing games insted of spending time with you family. In my conlusion computer have extraordinary bad affect on society because it exausts time for exersicing, also limits time to enjoy nature and finally people spent too time on computers and too little time interacting with family and friends, thank you for reading my paragraph on the many affects of computers"