"Dear Local newspaper, I have concerned because lately a lot of people have been using computers alot. My concern is that they haven't been exercising much, they arent enjoy nature and they aren't spending much time with their family. This is not a posiitve way for their life. In my opinion excercising is a very, very, very important thing to do. This is because you need to mantain a healthy diet to stay healthy and you need to excersise. Some people I know don't exercise and they are either overweight or not healthy. People are ""busy"", as they say, uisng the computer to do all there work because they just don't like using the old fashion way, which is going to your job and doing your work. Everything is different now and people have become lazyier than ever before. Would people be lazy, if computers weren't around? Of course they wouldn't be. They would have a happy healthy life. Now-a-days, people don't go out and explore the world much they just go online and nthey search a place up on a google. They don't see the real thing though. they see pictures and everybody knows that seeing the real thing is way, way better than looking at a picture. But i guess everyone forgot about that. Computers have everything online, no wonder poeple don't want to leave their homes and if they do leave, don""t worry they have a laptop with them. Computers are even portable go wherever they go their still going to go online. Poeple have also spent less time with family because they could talk to them online in a s chat room. This isn't a good thing because what if you were talking to your ""mother"", well at least you think is your mother but is someone else and your talking about your, I didn't know, something private and that person on the other computer, ""your mother"", will know about that and can cause problems with you. You know waht I mean? Like if you were talking about your credit card and that person asked you for your credit card number and you gave it to them then they could cause problems. Online isn;t a safe place, thats why you should talk in person not on a chat room. Well I hope that you put my letter in the newspaper for people could exercise, see the nature and be with family, like they were when they didn't have computers around."