"Computers, Computers, Computers! Thats the first thing a teenager does right when they get home from school. Teenagers just can't wait to chat with their friends on facebook and instant message. There are a lot of positive and negative things about computers. In these paragraphs below I am going to give you my opinion, tell you how people can manage there time better and the effects it can have. My @CAPS1 experience with computers is that they have @CAPS3 much information but sometimes it can be too much. Today, a lot of children and teenagers are getting bullied. People can send horrible messages to someone. They rather do it on the computer because they don't have to say it to there faces. that is one thing that I don't live about computers is that people can get harrased. Other then that I think the computer is a great resource for learning about things and also connecting with people from your past. Not a lot of @CAPS2 want to see there child coming straight home from school and go right to the computer @CAPS2 have to be strict with there child when it comes to computers. They need to manage there time @CAPS3 they can alson do there homework, after school activities etc.... Studies have shown that children who go on the computer every single day for more than two hours are most timely to see their grades drop. That's why if you mange your time it wouldn't be a problem. You want your child to have a balance in there life, @CAPS3 manage the time where they are not all day long. There are positive things about the computer and as well as negative things. The computer is a great way to research people you are learning about in school and find people from your past for example, facebook is a great way to stay connected to your old buddies. Google is also a great tool because you can type in anything and it wil give you a hundred websites to chose from a negative effect about it is that people are likely to say things on it to other people that they wouldn't dare to beg to there face. It also prevents you from doing other things because you get @CAPS3 consumed about the computer you forget your main priorietees. In these paragraphs I gave you my opion on computers and how there are posotive and negative things about them. I also explainted how it can taking up your time with your main priorities in life and how to manage your time wisely. The computer is a great tool but don't get take to much advantage of it because it is not a priority."