"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 about what the world would be like without computers. Scary thought? I had the same reaction. A world without computers is a world of non-communicating people and no where to gather information independently. The benefits of having computers are that they are a way of communicating with friends and family that don't live in your area or that you just haven't talked to in a while. They also teach hand-eye coordination which is good for almost anything. Lastly, they give people the ability to learn about other things in the world. In conclusion, computers have outstanding effects on people. First of all, in my perspective, having a computer, allows me to communicate to people I've met on past vacations. I can email, them and talk to them on social networks such as facebook. This is benefical to anyone that has lost touch with friends or even family. Being able to talk to friends I haven't spoken to in a white, gives me and others the opportunity to catch up and reconnect. In conclusion, being able to communicate with others on a computer, is only I, of the many benefits a computer has! Second of all, not only does having a computer allow you to talk to others but it can teach you hand-eye coordination as well. Dereck was a channel @NUM1 news reporter, ""I can hit some far balls that take the cake for some of our games. I truely @CAPS1 it's because my mother teached me now to use a computer! ""@CAPS2 especially benefit from computers because they teach them hand-eye coordination which is great for those homeruns, or even touchdowns! Third of all computers allow students and many others to learn and look up things they don't know. @PERCENT1 of schools around the country benefit from having school computers for research. On the other hand, businessman, parents, and even teachers use the internet to learn about things around the world and to gather information to teach their classes. Overall, computers have many benefits such as they allow you to communicate with others, they teach you hand-eye coordination, and even allow you to learn about things and places around the world. As a whole, this intelligent invention of the computer is an incredible machine that seems to have all the answers and a success for realiable information!"