"I think computers have a good effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordiantion, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and allow them to talk online with other people. Computers teach hand-eye coordination. This will be used through out people lives. WIthout hand-eye coordination people will be clumsey. Hand-eye coordination is used from day to day everyday. Using a computer you have to look at the screen and type at the same time. For people who do not have good hand-eye coordiantion this will be a big help. They will be able to do more thing without messing up. Like hitting a baseball! For kids who want to play sports this could acually help. They will learn to use there eyes, arms, and hands to there advantage. Computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places. If we did not have this ability we will not be able to know what is going on around the world. Also if you have family in a faraway place you will be able to look online and see what is happening there. If something bad has happened you will know this and will be able to help them. Also to be able to learn about faraway places will help in school. If you have a report to do on of faraway place instead of looking through you can look on the internet for information. Computers also allow people to talk online with other people. This gives more comunication. You will be able to make more friends and better friends. To have the opportuniy to talk to people online is great. You can learn about someone and become friends and hang out a lot. Also you will become a lot more interactive with people. If you are a shy person this can help you. You will get used to talking to people and when you get comfortable you will talk to them in real life. This will make you a lot more friends. This will help you come out of your shell and become a lot more interactive around people. These are three reasons why I think computers are a good thing. They help hand-eye coordination give the ability to learn about faraway places and allow you to talk online with other people."