"Dear local newspaper, I strongly belive that computers don't benefit society as much as people think. I think that nature can provide all of the same qualatys than any computer can. A computure can not provide fitness, real interactions with friends of family, or experience in the real world. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of children in @LOCATION2 are overweight because of a lack of exercising? Acording to @CAPS1 @PERSON1. a @ORGANIZATION2 and @ORGANIZATION1, computer systems are the leading cause of a lack of exercise. So why would a system that leads to obesity be considered a benefit to sociaty? Anotherthing on that topic is that overweight children that spend @NUM1 hours. Put off healthy activatys such as basketball or tennis wich also leaves them socialy behind and lacking he healthy experiences wich leads me to my next point. People think that computers know everything, but the truth is that their are vary little things you can experience on a computer. For example you @MONTH1 read about world war @CAPS2 but you realy know what people were thinking or what the combat fealt like? A computer can not teach you how to feal only a real life experience can do so. Many if you were deployed to an army write in @LOCATION1. You would know what its like to be in war. but playing a game or reading an article don't provide experience. My @NUM2 explamation for how computers are not the greatest affect on scociaty is true life interactions with your family and friends. Their is only one true way to see family or friends and that is personally. People claim that they talk to their friends and family over the @CAPS3 all the time but the only why to be satisfied is by seeing them for real for example a romantic relationship would fail if the only way they communicated was threw the @CAPS3. Unlike most relationships that sucseed. I hope my letter to your newspaper will get peoples attention, I would apretiate it if you joined my cause and help protect scociaty from dangerous computure technology that could cause, obesity, bad relations, and inexperience."