"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are used everyday by millions of people. I believe that the technology of computers have a positive effect on people. I think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research. People use computers to communicate with people far away. Computers are even used as a news resource. In my opinion, computers make things easier. Computers have a positive effect on people because they are very helpful. You can use computers to research different things. @CAPS1 you have a computer, you can learn new things about places you never knew existed. For example, @CAPS1 you have a homework assignment, you don't have to use a book to get information, you can just use your computer. So, for those reasons, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Computers are always being used for several things. However I think people used computers the most for communication. On a computer you can communicate with friends and family members that live in other states. Instead of sending letters to people by mail, now a days people use e-mails and instant message. You can talk to people faster this way and it's much easier. Computers have a positive effect on people. It's makes some things in life much easier. I don't understand why they would have a negative effect on people. It's the year @DATE1, and computers are used for basically everything. Remember how we used to have to read the newspaper to find out about breaking news and important things? Well, since we have computers a lot of people don't read newspaper. On the computer you can read the whole newspaper, and even find out more about things that happen in our world. So what's the point of even reading the newspaper, @CAPS1 you have a computer? I believe computers have a positive effect on people's life because you can do anything on the computer. You can research information, commmunicate with people, and use it as news resource. Doesn't that make lif a lot easier? So why do some people think computers have a negative effect on people?"