"Dear @PERSON1, The advansing technology is showing a very negative affect on people. Because of computers people are spending too much time on computer and less time doing things that are better for them. First, spending too much time on the computer can be bad for your health in many ways. For example, looking at a bright computer screan for more than @NUM1 min at a time is extremely bad for your eyes. The brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision. Also, if you spend all of your time indoors and on the computer you will not get the exersize you need. @PERSON1, were you aware that for every @NUM2 min you are on the computer you should spend @NUM2 min outside. It is very important to get fresh air, sunlight, and exersize. Moreover, another problemwith computers is that you don't get as much interaction with people. With online chatting you can't know what the other person is feeling like, @PERSON1, or if you are even talking to other person you think you're talking to. It is much better to interact with people in person, face to face. To have good social health you need to hang out with friends, and laugh, and have a good time, not sit in a dark room and talk with online friends. @PERSON1, people need to interact with real people. Furthermore, computers can be very distracting to many people. For example, @PERSON1, say you needed to type up an article for the paper on the computer, but you decide to play a game for a min, or look something up, or talk with a friend. You say that it will only take a minute and then you with type the article. But when you stop all of a sudden you played for @NUM4 hours. Then you have to stay up later to finish. Computers are extremely distracting. People of all ages have this problem of being distracted by computers and not gettind work done. In conclusion, computers, although an advance in technology, have very negative side affects. @PERSON1, I feel that it is our job to tell the people of the negitive side effects of computers. It is our job to help people over come the side affects of computers. Please @PERSON1, we need to help the people by writing an article in the paper to warn them of the terrible effects computers have."