"Man has always been interested in technology. Computers are just one part. I think that computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand eye coordination, saves trees, and allows people to learn about everything. Hand-eye coordination is a key part in our every day lives. Driving a car or writting all invile hand-eye coordination. I remember a few years ago I didn't have a great hand-eye coordination I had trouble catching a ball. Now days I spend up to on hour and a half on the computers. I have noticed my hand get neater and I can catch a balls with ease now. Do you want to be the one to crash your car because you have bad hand-eye coordination? Computers not only increase your hand-eye coordination they save trees too. Using a computer dosn't need any paper. You can read and write with out using a single sheet of paper. Since the computer @PERCENT1 of tree cutting has stopped. Saving trees help us stay alive. Trees put out the oxegyn that we breath in. Some say that computers are causing people to spend less time enjoying nature. I think that if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't have much nature to enjoy anyway. Lastly computer help people all around the world learn about almost anything. I scince kid, the head scientist says that ""with the computer we are able to toll the world of our discoveries much."" @CAPS1. @PERSON1 say ""@CAPS2 many people are laying had their die to the computer, they learn @CAPS2 many nutrition facts from the health sites"". Thanks to the computer we found a doctor to help my dad get fixed. The average people can learn about non average things any day. There are even dictionarys on the internet with many diffent translations that you would normily need about @NUM1 books to do. The computer is one of the greatest techlonagicly advances to this day. It has help our world is @CAPS2 many different ways too. Hand-eye coordination is @CAPS2 important and is preserving our environment. If you don't have knowledge you cant get anywhere in life. Our whole world senses is. "