"I think the effects of the computer are bad, these are my three reasons why I think its bad; @CAPS1, the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time or hours on their computers, @CAPS2, people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers, @CAPS3, people need to use computers out a less time. These are the three reasons why I think the effects of the computer are bad. The @CAPS1 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that computer could cause couse blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computers because the screen of the computer has too much light, people can't just stop staring at the monitor and even worse they could probably lost their sight and they will end up with blindness. That's why you have to be away from the screen but, being too long on your computer is bad. This is my @CAPS1 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad because the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computers. The @CAPS2 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers because when people are on their computers too much time they just couldn't come down stairs talk with their family of friends, they could'nt go outside and enjoy the glory of nature and the enjoyment at the outside world, and also if they had nothing they can just read a book, draw, watch the @CAPS4, etc. They could do those things rather than wasting their time on their computers. This is my @CAPS2 reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computers. The last reason why I think the effects of the computer is bad is that people need to use their computer for a less time because when people use their computer for a less time it is good because now they finally could be with their family and friends and spend so much time with them. It also good to saving energy, and prevent you from paying alot of electrical bill, and also it is good to finally let your vision of the eyes to relax. In conclusion, the three reasons; @CAPS1, the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computer. @CAPS2, people need to relax their vision and do something rather than on their computer, and @CAPS3, people need to use their computers for a less time will prove that the effects of the computer I think its very bad."