"Computers, a @LOCATION1 topic if you ask me. Sure they arnt very good for you dosn't mean if you use it correctly then it can be a souce of life. Computers are helpful in many ways, they can be an information post. The social networks can help your kids get more interactive with the world. During school kids have projects and without computers. Read on as I will explain in details. Computers, as you know, are one of the worlds greatest information posts. @NUM1 out of ten people survayed said that the computers are a value of everyday life, The earthquake in haiti is recovalng now, but half the world wouldnt know that with out computers so have a heart, and dont take away the most valued info in the world. Secondly, what would you say if I told, you that kids are more socialy retarded than ever! Well its true. Over @NUM2 of the worlds people rely on intractive websites to comunicate with each other. Fact, children have more friends over the internet then ever. You dont want to be the @LOCATION1 in all this do yours ar know as the person who kept kids from living? I dont think so. Lastly, all people in school use computers to do projects, for instance @PERSON2 had horrible hand writing and this was the bigest project of the year. So he turned his computer to type it, he gets on at. But what if there was (@CAPS1) computer! @PERSON2 would have gotten a @CAPS2 - for the project. In fact teachers @CAPS3 wear tell kids to type hw/projects. @PERSON1 says ""@CAPS3 year kids pass my class by typing and if they then they would all flunk!"" @CAPS4 got the point but more importantly do you?! To sumit all up for those of you lazy enough to not read there story essay. Computers are used for everyday needs such as finding out information. Makeing friends, or doing projects. So are you gonna be the person who sits back and lets that happen or are you going to get up and stop the maddness once and for all. Its you choice but think of the socity retarded, dumb kids that fail the grade @CAPS3 year."