"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 several reasons on way I that advances in technology are harmful to our socitey is because it opens doors to strangers on the outside world. Its also takes you away from family and friends. Lastly it also takes you away from enjoying life outside of the internet. One of my severl reasons on way I feel advanced technology is harmful to our socitey is because it opens doors to strangers @CAPS2 teens, adult's and etc. The probem with this is that you never really know whos on the other side of that door, that chat room people can miss guide you into thinking there someone who there not. @CAPS2 example theres a show called dateline. This show is about how young teens put there selev's online and grown or young men click on a picture of you and that opens up a chat line or as I say opening a door, you dont know who's on the other side of that door. So these men online makes these teens trust them and make them feel safe if they are a friend you ""hey can I come over sometime?"" you this young teen thinking thats your friend says yea sure. Dont forget you dont see his picture so he come's over and most of three men are looking @CAPS2 a quick fix. If you know what I mean. This is what go's on during dateline t.v show just imarge how many other kids or teens are out there doing the same thing the difference is they dont get caught. Secondly on why is harmful to our socitey is because it takes you away from your family and friends. It takes you away from your kid's family because that will start to fill as if you love that computer more then them. It take you away friends because they might say hey let's go out to the mall or @CAPS2 a drink youll probably say check up on somethings online. This will one move slowly away from you, all over a computer you will start to lose the people most important to you. My last reason on why you can harm society with teconogly is because it takes you away from living your own life and doing thing's you wanna do like online is a bunch of stuff that everybody else say's is cool. Do what you think and feel is cool. @CAPS2 example if someone posted something saying @NUM1 guys lodon is so cool you gotta go there but youve always wanted to go to @LOCATION1, @CAPS3 thing is that you do get to have enough air outside like your skin will get pail and icky and this is why I feel that way. In covlsion all though some people might think that advanced tencogly is good well cleary there not because they open doors to danger, take you away from friends and family. Also it takes you away from what life has to offer."