"@ORGANIZATION2. Hey ma name is @PERSON1 I'm @NUM1 years old I go to @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 going to talk to you about expert people saying that computers are effecting the society. But technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people. More and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. People think computer benefits society, @CAPS3 it don't people learn more they also could talk to people online if they dont got a cell phone to talk you could also research places you wana go to vacation and you could see how it look. Computer is one of the best things they inveted, but is bad to some people because they want to search direction and vecation places but they cant so is hard for people who dosen't got a computer to find out, computer dosen't benefit the society. Those who support advances in technology belive that computer have a positive effect on people. A computer is one important in ma life if @CAPS2 behind in some classes I could do some research and study at home and learn about it. I lost ma cell phone but now I talk to ma friends online when ma parents dosent wana take me shopping I go shopping online is easyer to look fourwut you want. People learn alot with computers, computer is @CAPS3 the world. You could see earth, space the city and wuts going on in internet computer dosent effect the society dosent effect the society in makes it easyer. Give people ability to learn about far away places and people and even allow people to talk online people. I dont know about @LOCATION1 the only thing I knew it was hot but I searched abot it @LOCATION1 is like a cool/park is alot of fun things you could do so I want for vacation and things was true. Online is a great place to chat with friends or family you could keep in touch. Some expert people concern that people are to mouch time in computer instead of exercising. @CAPS1 people do spend alot of time in computer but they do exercite when they go out with family the play the sport when they shopping the are walking thats exercising i bee in the computer @NUM2 but I still exercite I play basketball all the time from the morning till the afternoon because ma health is in portant. You see exspert people you might thing computer are effecting us but is not is the world real easy to find direction places to have a wonder full vecation and it help us study for @ORGANIZATION1 we could apply for jobs and @ORGANIZATION1 online computers are helping us."