"Many people like computer and like to use them for many different kinds of reason. Some people use them to get online education. Other use them to talk to family and friends that are far away. Also student use them to do research for school. These are reason why computer could be a good devices. There are many people that now have the ability to get a online education because of problem that they have. For example people that can't walk and don't like going to regular school. The computer would help them find website that they could get a free education. The computer would see what level there in like a regular teacher. The computer would make it so easy and better for the people that don't have the ability to walk they can even study for test that they have on the computer. This one reason why many people use computer. Many family use computer to try to look for freind that they haven't seen in a long time or family that are far away. They even contact them by chatting threw websites. They also search for addressed and phone number. Many people get to find there family threw internets. They meet in spot are even come to one another hauses. The computer would allow their dreams to happen by finding their familys. This would be an exciting event for them this why they need computer. This is one very important reason student use computer to research projects. Without computer student won't be able to look for information they need to know. The computer would teach student about people in the past they didn't know or didn't got to meet. The computer would influence them to want to learn more about interesting history. Children need computer to make there intelligence go up higher. These are some reason why I think we all need computer. We need them for people that don't have the ability to walk, for people that have family and friend far away, and for student that would like to learn more. These are all things people enjoy doing on a computer. If there are no computer it would crush everybody dream and future. So this are some reason why many people decide to be on computer."