"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I have heard that people are thinking of how computers are having a bad effect on people and I disagree. Computers help people so much in schools, work places, and at home. Not having computers would have a worse effect on people then with having computers. For students it is an absolute neccesity to do research , and type essays, letters and so many other writing pieces, and the same goes for all of society. In almost every school all over the country, students use computers on a daily basis. I personally have to log into the computer to type an essay for a class at least twice a week and some @ORGANIZATION1 even more. For example my @CAPS1 teacher asks our class to write a lot of essays or letters. She has told us over and over that if our hand writing is not good she won't grade it. Having the computers to type on removes the fact that if our teacher can't read it she can't grade it. I understand that people would say that it makes people need to hand write the things a lot less and people would lose the ability to hand write things but with such advenced technology on computers and to type anything with such pose, soon hand writing will no longer ne required. Any person for whatever research they need can be found so easily using a computer. For students in any grade level and any class, research projects are going to be assigned by a teacher. Using books and other means of research are slow and in efective. Getting onto a computer and looking up the pic is fast and simple and gives better results than books. The same goes for jobs, for example a person might need to set up a powerpoint presentation. Not only does the computer have powerpoint on it - which is an effective way of setting up projects the computer allows that person to do research all in one place. This makes it so much simplier to get a lot of information and not have to run around getting books and talking to people who know the subject. I understand that computers could ""take control"" of people and people would spend to much time on them. But of the few that do stay on computers to long learn to balance their time, keeping computers would benefit in so many ways. Writing many different essays, letters, typing for projects, and doing research would be done faster and easier."