"Dear Local @CAPS1, I think that computers have a posotive effect on people. There is many ways computers can have posotive effects on humans, first computers bring people together and let people interact with each other, They let people talk to each other. Computers also let people learn about new things. The internet has so much information. Computers also let people do things that they can't do with out computers. So computers have a positive effect on people. Computers let people interact with each other. The computers bring people together. People can use the internet to send emails to each other. When you need to write a letter to some one it might take days for them to got it. But with email they would get it the second you send it. There is also website like face book that let you talk to your friends websites like that connect people. When you and you freind cant talk together you just have to get on you computer. Computers also have web camera, those let people talk to echother. and you can see them. It lets people see the other persons facial expressions and hear the there voice which is better than on a phone and writing a letter to someone thats why computers are a positive effect on people Computers also let you learn about new things when ever you want to find somthing out or if you have a question you go to the internet. If you someone else they might not know the answer. Computer let people see pictures and videos. If you wanted to see a picture of @CAPS2 are that you are going into a computer and type it in computers let people see pictures that they couldn't see in real life. Vidios let you watch things like something funny to cheer up you day. If you love a show on to, and you missed it you can find it on computer. That is why computer benifit people positively. Computers also let you do things that you couldn't do without. When a teacher asks me to type a paper I always do it on the computer. If there were no computers I would have to use a typewriter and if I made a mistake I would have to type the whole thing again. Computers also alow you to play music. On the computer you can put a cd in and it will play the music. Computers alow you to do things that couldnt do without Computers benifit society an have a positive effect on people, They let people interact with each other and they bring people together. They let people talk to each other. Computers also let you learn about newthings. They also let you do things that you couldnt do without. Computers have many positive effects on people so I hope you agree that computers benifit soctity"