"Dear Local Newspaper, The effects computers have on people as posotive I say that it is posotive because what if your in a rush, and you don't know if you need your rain boots or not? Check the computer! I say that it is posotive because without the computer how would most offices run their buisness? It's too much of a pain to keep everything on files. Especially in schools because the teachers don't keep their grades for students in a filing cabinet! They keep them on the computer, @CAPS1 they'd need a huge filing cabinet. I could understand why some peole think computers have a bad effect on people. They might think that it takes away time from nature, friends and family. But so many people take their laptops to the local park to sit under a tree on warm days and go on the computer there. Especially students do this, they do their homework under the leaves to help them relax. Also, people whose family or friends live in other states, they @MONTH1 not have the house number, or they don't have time for a long conversation, they can e-mail them, or use social networking like facebook, or myspace to look on their profile pages and say a quck, ""@CAPS2, how are you doing?"" Local shop owner @PERSON1 says, ""I barely have time for myself! So when I want to say @CAPS2 to my sister in @LOCATION1, I usually say hello on facebook because I know how she loves to talk my ear off!"" I remember one morning, when I was rushing before school, I had no idea what type of outfit to wear. I checked the local news casting website for the weather forecast and thank god I did! I would have gotten stock in downpour without an umbrella! Computers are also good for if you want to catch up on any news, or just relax and play some games you can. So, if your wondering about the weather to see if today will be a good day to sit under the trees in the park & catch up on typing that report with your partner, then go ahead. But don't forget to e-mail her and ask her first, since you lost her phone number."