"Dear local newspaper I disagree because people should just enjoying spending time with famimely and not on the computer  doing nothing do you agree with me so far? Frist of being if you wast all you're time being of the computer there is nothing there is nothing you can get done as I have notice many shildren are on computer every right after school playing on the computer. For example my cosiun is on the computer evryday doing  but wasting his time are you still with me. Secondly children should be studying on the computer not playing video games and going in website that are not allowed more then @NUM1 do students and children are on the internet palying video games and doing something the is done everyday also I have seen many kids playing games on the computer. Thirdly student will never learn nothing if they wast there time because computer is for studing and many students don't have there time wisely as they should also many student should be useing comput only sometimes not everyday I have notice that so many students don't learn from compu for because they are not studing tests mre then @PERCENT1 stundent fail classes because of computer. First of people should be spending time with  and friends because they are teh most important people aroun ud not computers. Are still with me? Secondly friends are the most important people I ever had because they care about and love you like you're ther families but what if you just wast youre on computer how are you know all your friends. For example m allways on comput never goes to see her friemds amd her friends to to here because she never cares about their only computer do god get what im saying here. Thirdly family is also important then just being on the computer because they care about you have to at lease spend sometime with family for example many families stop spending time with each othe because computer is important to them. Lastly help you're community is goal because you make you\re city look you don't want it he be massy also many people quit help with commicity servic around the neighbor for example I have see  trash on grounds and because they dont care. Finally going out doing sports and starting fit is very important. First of playing sports is far and youve health but people never play sports anymore just because computer for example @NUM2 people stop playing sports, secondly going to is very import because is good."