"I believe computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. All these things are good so why not use computers, we need computers. Do you think computers are a positive effect or a negative effect? After you hear this you might want agree with computers have a positive effect. Computers have a positive effect in so many ways for example: school, work, talk to other, and just get information. From different websites. If we did not have computers or use them we would probably use books. We would get information from the books but not as much as we would get from the computer. We probably would not know that much if it wasn't ofr computers. The reason why computers have a positive effect is because you work your eyes and while you are typing you are exercising your hands. That proves hand-eye coordination. We learn about places we don't live in like that? Had a earthquake we went on websites for that. You get to learn how it is in a certain place you want to go on vacation for. You get to learn about famous people you do not know about so all you have to do is go on the computer and look up your celebrity. Computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in contact. Now we have @CAPS1, @CAPS2, @CAPS3 and others. We use that to talk to our friend and family. Some of our family or friends live in far away places so we use the computer to talk. If you have a e-mail teachers and people at work might have to e-mail each other to handle business. You can even get work for students at school so that way the can learn more and do different activities. You can even play games on the computer. You can explore nature on the computer. I think computer is a great way to learn and talk with others. Do you want your child to learn? Do you want your child to have fun? So tell me what you think! Computers have a positive effect."