"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers and other technology are the best thing that ever happened to the world! I hear that computers effect people, well I dont agree with that statement. Here are my @NUM1 reasons why. Computers and other technology make the way easier. Talking to family and friends without spending money. If you control the amount of time you use on a computer then you will be fine. Please keep reading to hear my great ideas. To start off, computers and other technology make life easier. Think about it we have access to our bank accounts, stores, reasearch, school, etc. See instead of having to go at shoppingfor food you could just order it online with no trouble. We can now shop @CAPS4 cloths and other household items. It'so easy just to look at a list and pick what you want instead of waiting in a long line. @CAPS4 example, I went to @CAPS1 to pick up a few items @CAPS4 a party. There a long line, so I just got online picked what i wanted and had it shipped to me unless then @NUM2 hours! Its cool to not have to even got up to get what you want. I know you sometimes have your since you don't wanna get up? But you have to go shopping. Doesn't computers make life so easy. Secondly, talk to family and friends without having to spend money. This is awesome because you can text, video chat, email @CAPS4 free. Computers have so many websites to talk to your family and friends like, @CAPS2, @CAPS3, myspace, yahoo, and even ohvoo. Mostly, all those you can video chat and voice chat @CAPS4 free. All of those sites you can text @CAPS4 free and touch those with your @CAPS4 example, one day I didn't want spend my to talk to my friend. So I just video chatted with them. And it was @NUM3 times better and free and better. Even @CAPS4 people long distanceis way to much money in call them. So why not just video chat I know you wouldn't wanna spend hundreds of dollars @CAPS4 a phone call bill! Please keep reading. Thirdly, if you count he amount of time you use on he computer of other technology devices then you will be fine. If you limit and set a time on the use of your computer everything will be wonderful. You can tell your body to get off the pc and get a work out or talk to friends. There's no way you could be addicted to something if you have a limited @CAPS4 it. If your the type of person that is a at something. Then @MONTH1 be you shouldn't get a computer. Like my mom gives me a limited @CAPS4 the computer @NUM4 my laptop has to be off on a school night. An @NUM3:00pm my laptop has to be off on the weekends. There's alway ways to not to be addicted. You just have to know when enough is enough. Its not the computers fault. Just have to control yourself. To wrap this up I would just like to say thank you @CAPS4 having the time to read my letter. My reasons are, computers make life easier, talk to family and friends @CAPS4 free, and if you control the amount of time you use on a computer than you will be fine. Thanks again."