"Dear Readers of the Local Newspaper, More and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society. Those who support advance in technology believe that computers have a positive affect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people. Others have different ideas. Some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time in their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. I agree with those experts because many people take the computer serious and always want to be on. Though the @CAPS3 users think there is nothing, negative about using the computers but there is. Such as increase light bill payment, obesity and like the experts said, ""@CAPS1 time interacting with family and friends."" @CAPS2, @CAPS3 users of the computer cause light bill because if the user are constantly on, then computer must cnstantly be on, when the computer in constantly on, it causes the light bill to increase. I can connect to that because I used to be a @CAPS3 user of the computer and my guardian would yell at me because of it. Ever since I had brought down the habbit od being a @CAPS3 user my guardian has stated the light bill gas decreased. Another reason why @CAPS3 user of the computer must decrease thier habbit is because of obesity. Obesity is when a man or women is overwieght. My imaginary friend is a @CAPS3 user in my imagination. He is light many others, he never exerciszes with his friends because he is constantly on the computer. Last but not least,@CAPS3 begin to slack on interesting with friends and family. As I stated in paragraph two that I used to be a @CAPS3 user. I myself wouldn't accept invitation to couldn't go to movies with friends and I wouldn't help around the house. These were the main three thing I wouldn't do. Then I learned to not abuse the computer, not waste my time on it. but I also learned to be responsible with it. That's what I think many @CAPS3 should do to. In conclusion, being sa constantly user is not healthy because it many cause obesity. Also, a @CAPS3 user increased light bill, and wont spend time interacting. "