"Dear Local Newspaper: Computers have become a major part of peoples lives. The effects computers have on people are only negative. Nothinggood comes out of using a computer. This is because computers are time consuming from in other activities, computers are not always working which leads to people getting angry, and using computers is bad for your health. I know you have a difficult decision to make but after reading what I have to say, their will be no doubt that you will agree. Using computers is very time consuming. People don't realize how long they have been using the computer. Once you start using it, your hooked and it's hard to stop. A poll was taken and out of @NUM1 kids, @NUM2 of them said they felt groggy and had headaches, after using a computer for two hours. The way computers make you feel is not enjoyable. But while your using the computer it's entertaining, for example, your on @CAPS1 and your talking to your friend and your laughing at them & enjoying yourself, but it's not the computer that's making you happy, it's the person, you might as well see them in person. There for, computers are time consuming & should not be used. Copmputers are not reliable, they have minds of their own. Many people do always rely on their computer and when it doesn't work it causes the person to get angry or frustated. Computers have a vast impact on people, but they shouldn't have to. Dr. @PERSON2 at @ORGANIZATION1 says that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS2's frustration & anger is caused by non-working computers. If the use of computers was lowered anger that people have would lower and would lead to other positive things as well. Furthermore, computers are not realiable and cause people to get angry. My final reason is that, computers cause health issues and cause people to be lazy. The obesity rate is higher than ever and people sitting on the computer all day is not helping. @PERCENT2 of obesity is caused by the use of computers. @PERSON1 at @ORGANIZATION2 says that @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people who don't use computers are much healthier because instead of using computers they exercise. There for, computers cause health issues. In conclusion, computers effect people because they are time consuming, you can't rely on then and it's bad for your health. There for, computers have negative effects on people. "