"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, To start off I would like to give my opinion on using compuers too much. Although I use a computer a lot I still have fun with friends and play sports. But to much time on the computer can cause you noth wanting to get exercise or maybe getting sick easier. Spending so much time on the computer can cause a kid to be shy in the outside life. Exerasing is very healthy for kids and adulst. there are way to many people on computers doing anything you can think of for hours. Staring at a computer screen for a long amount of time will not keep you fit or in shape. People should have a minimal amount of time of @NUM1 minutes each day and then get some exercise. this way you would get time for being on the internet and still doing what's good for you, I shouldn't feel bad about the people who waste all their time on the computer but I do. To see them getting gross and gaining weight from lack of exercise makes we want to help htem @CAPS4 one should put themselves into that kind of situation. What I've noticed about people who stay online a lot is that they get sick more often. From sitting there like lazy bums they don't get fresh-air. Not getting enough fresh-air can cause a cold or for some people with problems to get very sick. They need to think twice about what they're getting themselves into. I would rather be having fun and getting nice fresh-air then sitting on the computer about to be sick. It can be a different story if you went home sick from work/school and went on the computer. but being sick from the computer is gross. Even though to say, people who are on the computer often are shy in person. If someone gets in a fight on the internet that can cause them so much pain to not even talk. Interacting with people is very nice and touching. But being shy and lonely because of a fight on the computer or from being on it too much, is something to be ashamed of you shouldn't have to be that way because of one thing. Get out in the world and don't let things like that get to you. To this off, it would be nice for people to take care of themselves and not stay on the internet for so long. Remind yourself to have atleast @NUM1 minutes to yourself and to do waht you want but get some exercise also. Don't forget about staying healthy and going for a jog once in a while. You shouldn't focus your life on your computer. Thank you and have a great day."