"Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1, Have you seen someone with a @CAPS1 emailing their co-worker or a person with their laptop at a coffee shop? Well, I can @CAPS4 I have and know they need and it benefits them. People everday use a computer for their work. Also, you can keep in touch with friends and family. Plus, it's the start to new improved future! whether you use a computer to get the latest gossip or for a job, the computer is now an important part of people's lives. My mother works on the computer everyday at her job, though it @MONTH1 not seem important to you, it is to my family, who needs the money for food and bills. Half of @LOCATION1 uses computer for jobs for money just like my family. Recently, @ORGANIZATION3, the computer company took a survey to see how many people use the company for work. A whopping amount of @PERCENT1 use the computer for work. That @PERCENT1 of people benefit from using the computer. They depend on their email to get to their boss or their layout of their statewide meeting to save so they can get the raise they deserve. You the, @ORGANIZATION1 even uses computers to write your articles for the paper. More than half of @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION2 benefit just from working on the computers. Everyone says family is the most important thing right? What can yo do if they live far away? Well you email, @CAPS5, @LOCATION2M, or @CAPS3 of course. Some experts @CAPS4,""People are spendiong too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family."" @CAPS5 is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family. So the experts have no reason to @CAPS4 that because people use the computer to keep in touch with families. Even people in the army use the comptuer to communicate. Using the computer isn't as bad as people think. Look out! The future is coming! New technology greater than my knowledge is coming. Computers were the start and people haven't stoped since. Sure, of course the computer has a couple downsides. But what thing or invention doesn't. No one can stop what is coming, you just have to learn to live with it and move on. Computers are the beginning to something good so don't stop something that could be even better! Next time you go outside look for that guy in the business suit emailing on the @CAPS1 or the girl in the coffee shop and smile, know they are benefitting from it. Whether it's for work or the one keeping in touch with a relative. Maybe someone with the next big idea for the future. Take a chance on the computer, stop the negativity and a pleasant surprise will come your way."