"Dear local newspaper, I've heard that some people think that computers do not benefit society. But I belive they do. Computers help us learn information of al types. It's a good souce of entertainment. And last but not least, computers do not drasticly change the time we use exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends. Computer are a great resource in our everyday lives so why not use what we were given. Google, yahoo, @CAPS1 and @LOCATION1. What would we do without them. They help us figure out small things like quick and easy way to get rid of a stomache ache or a funny joke to tell at the office the next day while you in the staff room drinking coffe. They also help us when we want to know what to do when your newborn has a cough and a small sneeze you know the tough stuff. These are the kinds or things you need to know and not everyone go out to the library everytime you have a question. The information on the computers is endless why not use it from learning a new language for next vacation to @LOCATION2 to finding help for that geometry homework that you just can't understand, the computer can do it all. Entertainment is everlasting on computers from the skatebording dog on. Youtube that you can't stop laughing at to the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 on addictinggames.com. There will never be a dull moment. There are millions of videos and movies on youtube. There are @CAPS4 of games on the @ORGANIZATION1 alone from pacman to scrabble there's no way we'll have nothing to do. I always go on @ORGANIZATION2 to talk to family living too far to visit. Computers are one of the best soarces of entertainment, they definetly benefit society. Computers definetly do not change the way we exercise, enjoy nature or interact with family and friends. On the computer there are videos that show us new yoga move and other ways to lose those extra pounds you gained over the days. There are sites to find where to go camping and have that family vacation you have always wanted. And we always make time to go see our family and friends. Computers dont keep us hupnitized. Without a doubt computer benifit everyone's society. They re informational. The definetly entertain us all. And then don't turn us into mindless zombies so that we can't interact with other people. Computer are one of the most helpful things we have and no one should think they arn't not after reading this essay."