"Computers are used everywhere, for thousands of different things. Many of @LOCATION1 spend hours glued to our computer screen everyday. Being very reliant on your computer is not always good for you. @DATE1 too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities. Therefore, computers are not the best way to spend your time because you get less excersize, your school grades can lower, and your communication skills will weaken. First, when spending days on your keyboard you will have less time to run or play with your friends. In the @LOCATION1 @DATE1, many more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to be passed on. Perhaps a reason for this is that too many people can just sit on their laptops to shop, see movies, and even to get a college education. Less and less people go for walks because they would rather be on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. Without the constant use of computers there would be more free time for people to get outside, or play sports. Secondly, many kids and teens are attached to their laptop, and bring it everywhere with them. So, rather than studying for their tests, they could be on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1. Must chose to go on @CAPS1 or @ORGANIZATION1 rather than opening their books. Plus, spending so many hours on a computer. less time to do their homework, so they just begin to not do any of it. Computers take away their time that could be used towards getting a college education, why waste them? Lastly, why talk on the phone or in person when you can just send them an e-mail or chat online with them? Many people @DATE1 are staying inside on their laptops to talk to a person rather than doing it face to face. This can cause a lack of communication skills, something that might sound good online, could sound absolutely terrible in the ""real"" world. This loss of skill, could lead to a generation of more cyber talk rather than @CAPS3. In conclusion, why spend so many hours on the computer when you could be outside, or hanging out with friends? Personally I'd prefer to go and do something rather than being stuck inside on a computer."