"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know someone who lives faraway from you? Or have you ever used @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS3? These are only a few of the techniches a computer has. Computers benefitted society greatly. It helps people @CAPS2 things such as allow people to talk to each other, goin skills from playing games, and it has images and it is easier. As I ,mentioned, computers allow us to communicate with other people. This way, we don't have to talk to people in person. it would get annoying if every time we wanted to talk to someone of three things would happen without computers. those would be either getting trouble at school, memorizing a phone number and the dialing it, or talking to than in person. Clearly, computers make it easier to talk to people. Next, computers allow us to talk to faraway friends or family. You could write an e-mail or talk to them in a chat. This helped me because I talk to one of my friends in @LOCATION1 and just recently sent an e-mail to my aunt. Without a doubt, computers make it easier for us to communicate with other people, no matter how far. Secondly, every computer that I have seen is able to play some sort of game, whether it be by a disk or on a website. These games can teach us many skills. The first skill we could learn is typing. just a few days ago, I was playing a game where you had @NUM1 seconds to type as many words as you can, as fast as you can. If you make a mistake one second decreases off of your time. It also gets harder as you go, getting from just three letter words to five letter words to even seven letter words and so on. Also, a class that at @CAPS4. information processing, is about computer. Once we were finished with our assignments, we could play type to learn @NUM2. That is also a typing game. As you can see, some games can teach us how to type. Another type of games where you need guide-thinking to be able to win. This teaches nto be ready for almost anything. Also, it teaches us to process what is around you and decide in a decision. In real-life situations you @MONTH1 only have a few seconds to react. Games such as these help in real-life situations. The last type of game is the tower defense. This shows us teenager to think like our lives depended on it. If we were to evr join the army and become some sort of captain, we would be able to organize our trops in the best mannor we could think of these tower defense games also teach us think and plan ahead. In these types of games, it costs money to bag upgrades buy @LOCATION1 towers. One decision is to either buy a weaker upgrade now or save for a stronger one in a little bit. Tower defense games make us make better decisions. Games @MONTH1 be fun, but they teach us skills too. Lastly, computer make things easier and have images on @ORGANIZATION2. One thing that a computer makes easier."