"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, I am writing this letter on behalf of all the busy people in our country. We have come to the conclusion that we need, not want, but need computers in our life. First, we need them to communicate to other people. Second, we need computers to do research for school and work. Lastly, us kids need computers to type essays, prompts, or papers for each class. Communication is very important in everyday life. For instance, I have a grandma that lives in @LOCATION1. I only get to see her once or twice a year in person. Throughout the entire year, I video chat with her through @CAPS3 computer because it is a whole lot easier than flying there. Without computers to video chat with @CAPS3 grandma, I have no communication with her they one or two times a year. Using a computer for communication is extremly helpful it allows you to do so many things without travelling for, like video chatting. Another reason why computers are a neccessity in our is because reseach for and easier. Many kids nowadays have so much homework and spend on the internet. For I myself, that I. The internet is a quick way to get the reseach. Plus, the research I have found is just as accurate as a book from a library. Computers are absolutly needed when kids have a load of homework and projects that need to be researched. Thinks when the time a to, kids have to type up essays and prompts that its unimaginable. Just in the @DATE1 I had to type on english, essay and a fluently paragraph. Final grade @CAPS2 I did not type it, on a computer. Typing things on the computer cames out of school also, whole @CAPS3 dad is frequently typing up and he is also typing up essays for his company. Many things nowadays in order to be perfect, have to be written up on the computer or you will not get the result you were hoping for. In conclusion, computers are modern devices and you are going to have to live with it. Computers provide great communication with everyone around or even across the country. Also, they make research for school become a lot more efficent. Finally, computers type papers and essays up faster. Computers are a neccessity for living."