"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I have recently heard about the debate on whether or not computers are used too often. Computers can be unhealthy, I think that generally they're helpful. They give us many oportunities that wouldn't exist without them. I'll describe more of what I mean in the following letter. First, I'll explain one of the advantages of computers. Studying and school work. Computers can provide people with ways to research things. For students, it @MONTH1 be something like research for a project of essay. For adults it could be information on starting a business. In both of those cases, computers were used to get information in a simpler way then perhaps visiting a library, I, personally, know of a website called @LOCATION1, where teachers can set up online tests for students. This would not be possible without computers. Computer online courses can even taken, where a student can be taugh through the internet, rather than in person. This can be an advantage to someone that can't always get to classes. I would also like to mention that computers provide a popular form of communication. E-mail and I @CAPS3. These methods of communication have become extreamly popular recently, and I myself use both. I think for some people it can be bad because it prevents them from interacting with the real world. But in general I think it's helpful. It also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate. These are just some of the many ways computers are helpful. Lastly, I'd just like to talk about how computers can benefit adults specifically. I know that many people pay their bills online. This is becaus if you think about it, isn't it a hassle to have to mail your bills every month? Computers greatly reduce that hassle. They can also make it easier to buy things you need, look for jobs, and many other things. Without computers, things like looking for jobs would require a lot more work than they do with them. These, again, are only some of the hundreds, if not thousands of ways which computers are helpful. In conclusion, I think I've made my point very clear. Any thing in moderation is okay. People that argue that computers are unhealthy speak of those who use computers too much. Generally this is not the case. Usually computers can do much more good than bad, and can make a persons life much easier. They help very much with education, and even that alone I think should be enough to convince you that computers are helpful. But as I said, I hope I made my point clear, and I hope you agree with me."