"@ORGANIZATION1, @DATE1, people are using computers more often. Some people do not agree that computers are good. I think computers are good though. They help you learn more, they are like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and when you bored you can go on the internet. People nowadays are becoming smarter and smarter. One of the causes is the internet. The internet is like a big book. It holds tons of great information. There's probly information on the internet that probly no one knows, until they read it. Plus the fact that the internet is quick & easy. Also, the internet keeps you up to date on things going on in the world. Without the internet. We would be nowhere. Surveys show that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students use the internet for information or projects for school. Also, on the internet you can buy things you can't but in stores. Going to the library is a pain. You have to pay for the gas plus you have to drag yourself out of the house to get in the car to go to the library. What if you don't have a library near you? then what will you do? you could go on the internet. Plus, with @CAPS2, people could look for a book all day, not find it and find out that someone else has it. What a pain. There are some people like collage people, Who don't have cars. So how the sapposed to get to the library? Studies show that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS3 don't have cars. When you get bored, what do you do? eat? sleep? Lay on the floor staring at the celing? No. You go on the computer. The internet has all sorts of fun games and websites. It also helps you make new friends. The internet is also a good way to stay in contact with close friend or relative. Also, if you are a photographer, then you can sell & share you photographs online you can also advertise you company or buisness. @NUM3 out @NUM4 @CAPS3 either have no backyard or have nothing better to do. I think that the internet is great. You can learn all sorts of information you don't have to go to a library and you can play games when you get bored. Isn't the internet great?"