"Dear Local newpaper editor, I think computers benefits us in a good way. Weither computers are helping kids with research for homework, projects and essays or building online stocks to help make buisness grow. Computers are now a benificial way of life. We can see what happens on the other side of the world. And learn about new things everyday. What I think people are focusing is what they thikn computers are doing to people, but are really not focusing on how it helps us in so many ways. One way that people say computers effects people is that we don't exercise instead were attached to our computers. I doubt computers do this not everyone likes or wants to exercise. And why would computers stop people from doing that. It's people choice, the computer doesn't forces them to stay in the house. And computers are a great way for you to catch up with friends and family. It could be online chatting and even sharing photos. And I highly doubt people stop seeing their fmailies because of computers it just doesn't make any sense. People who are against computer are giving people in chairs or controlling them, it's just silly. If people acually stopped to take the time and think; theirs a chance that they would see how computers has helped us grow as a nation. And how much they used computers and that it really helped them than just searching through books for a ton of information. As years have gone by I could see that a ton of thinhs are runed by computers and that alot of people use them. And it has impacted our country, in my opinion a good way. And if it wasn't for computers who knows how are nation would be running. And if computers amde such a posotive impact on our country already I can only iamgine the years to come as computers become bigger and better. So as you have read I gave mt reason as how think computers impact our lives. And how I think the years to come it will impact our lives bigger and better. Now I can't force you to be for, or against computers bbut what ever your opinion is just think of a world without computers especially if you grew up with them."