"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 computers are a part of our advanced technology. They have a positive effect on people because computers make almost everything easier, they can teach people things with tutorial or educational websites and @CAPS2 @CAPS3, and they keep people entertained in their spare time. Computers are becoming more and more advanced everyday and that's why I think people are so addicted to them, yet they do have positive affects. Computers make things a lot easier for a lot of people. If you really think about it, a lot of things that we use every day such as books, nice clothing, and music on the radio would not be here if it weren't for computers. We would have to hand write those books and hand sew our clothes. As for the music, we would just stomp our feet and clap our hands to make music. If ancient egyptians had computers, they would have built millions of @CAPS4. Our computers have programs like microsoft to help me do a major school assignment neatly. Computers have positive affects in this way. Everyday after I finish my homework and I go on the computer most adults think that all that us teenagers do on the computers are facebook and myspace. I do admit that I go on those websites, but if I notice that my grades are not in the best condition, I go on websites that can help me understand what I'm not getting. Ninety percent of the time that I do that my grades go up and I get a satisfying grade. I have also taught little cousins of mine how to add and subtract using the computer in pre-school. Computers are helping schools teach students. Besides education, computers can also keep us entertained with games such as virtual solitaire. When I go on the computer, I might need to research something that I have interest in. Maybe I might want to know when @LOCATION1 was invented or, if the universe ever stops. Maybe I don't want to watch @CAPS5 all day to keep me entertained. Computers will save me from bordom. When I use a computer, I am not addicted. In fact it has a very positive effect of me. Yes, I might stay up countless hours, talking to my friends on facebook, but to me that's a part of being a kid. The next day I might learn something in school that I want to search deeper into. That is what the computer is for. Without computers we would not have some of the knowledge we have @CAPS1. Their effect is the most positive effect on people, ever in my opinion."