"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are a huge thing now adays. Almost everyone has one that they use. But why do some people think that it is hurting our society. This isn't right because you need it for education, people aren't on all day, and a job. So how could those things be harmful to society. Your right they can't. Every single person has had some type of education. But how can you have an education with out a computer. If you rae working and you need to get another degree for your job. You can't go during the day so you can find a school that has online schooling, for at night. That way you don't miss work and you still get your schooling. Another reason why is that a school project or essay. You might need the computer to search up things for a project. Or cite your sorces. What if you need to type an essay what do you do then. No computers no education and you will go and works at @CAPS1 or something. Where you don't need an education. But people aren't on all day so what does that do to society. Nothing at all. Kids and adults go outside and have fun. They go on the computer to check e-mails, play games, look at facebooks/myspaces. But they have enough responcibility to go out and get fresh air. And if they sit in side then it isn't your problem because it is their life and they want to live it their way. Not the way everyone else wants them to. They can make choices for thier self and don't need others, to do it for them. So it really shouldn't effect you at all. What if at you job you need the internet. Most office people have a computer to talk to others by e-mail or to fix problems. People who work at about need the computer to access your account to get your money. People that estimate the cost of a building need it for adding something or keeping a record. The video games are a perfect example because the programers use a computer to porgram what you want to happening the game and thet takes hours to complete. So how are computers harmful to society because I still don't see it. Education, people aren't on all day and a job are really good reason that computers should becept. So everyone I strongly encourage you to reconsider what could happen without computers."