"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects computers have on people, are that computers are used for the wrong reasons. Teens should be outside playing sports or hanging out with friends and family. But instead they are addicted to the world wide web and games and websites throughout it. Therefore, the computer and the concept of surfing the web is bad because it consumes childrens much and because educationally computers can give the wrong information. Until the late @DATE1's, @ORGANIZATION3 laptops and desktop @CAPS2 did not exist in @CAPS1 opinion, this would have been better. For example. children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays. At this age middle schoolers and high-schoolers should be focused on their grades and their . But instead, they get too addicted to @CAPS3, @CAPS4 and @CAPS5 that they forget about their school work and their priorities, and their grades start to slip. Even sudlts have this problem. For instance, buisness people, accountants and assistants will consistently be checking their emails. Also, people who work at a desk or in a cudical all day are almost always on the computer. In other words, I believe that jobs should cut dwn on how many workers they have on a computer, and family homes should cut down on the amount of time each member spends online. Another reason I think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information. For example, people could insect their own perspective of an idea on websites such as wikipedia and @ORGANIZATION2. If a student was doing a project or just homework and decided to surf the web for some @ORGANIZATION2 or information they dont know if their information is correct. I believe this means that the internet and the web don't beat books or history. In conclusion, computers have a bad effect on people for the reasons of it consumes children and teen's minds, people use the internet too much and because educationally computers can sometimes give false information."