"Dear @CAPS1, I @CAPS2 that computers has benefits to society. First, it gives and teaches you social skills. Next, computers can help you learn new things online. Finally, computers also teach you hand-eye coordination. In the following you will see why I @CAPS2 computers have its benefits to the society. First, computers has its benefits to society because it can teach or give you the social skills you need. On a computer you can interact with others from around the world and make new friends. Therefore, you can learn about their culture and what they do in their country. Also, you can talk and interact with family that does not live with you or is not with you in the moment. So as you can see, Computers has its benefits because it can teach you social skills. Next the benefits it has to society is people can learn things online. for example, you can learn how to use a computer if you don't already know how. Also, you could play online learning games for free or buy a @CAPS3 with more options for learning. Another example is you can look up recent or past events you want to know about and research it. So as you can see, Computers benefit society because you can learn all types of things online. Finally, computers how its benefits because it teaches you hand-eye coordination. for example, you can find all types of games using hand-eye coordination using the mouse and keyboard. Also if you just want time to go by you can use the computer as entertainment by chatting with other and playing games. Believe it or not, you can find boat loads of jobs that uses a computer for any of these also as you can see computers have its benefits because it teaches you hand-eye coordination and gives you some free-time entertainment. In conclusion, computers have its benefits to the social community. First, it helps you learn your social skills. Next, you can learn about any subject online for free if your not the one paying the internet bill finally, it benefits you by teaching you hand-eye coordination. So as you can see, I @CAPS2 that computers benefits society in plenty of ways."