"Dear Newspaper, Computers are not something to be afraid of. They help many people in different ways, like the @CAPS1, teachers, students, scientists, and locals dealing with their jobs and daily life. Hasn't a computer already helped you today? Because of that, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future. Who has said that by using computers you dont interact with your family as much? Well, I can tell you that I'm staying in contact with my grandma, cousins, and aunts through my e-mail. With e-mail you can check up on news or simply write to friends and family! Also, if you are planning a trip to visit your loving family members, dont bother with a map that gets in your face all the time and you just ""happen"" to get lost, try going on @ORGANIZATION1 maps and plan the shortest route to your destination without getting lost along the way. Computers can do more than creating a simple map, it can give you precious information! Many schools across the country use computers to help teach kids. The kids can look up @LOCATION1 and in @NUM1 seconds they have all the information they need! In most school paper you have to type and provide what websites you used to achieve finishing the paper. What is also nice is that you dont need to go through huge books for one small piece of information. It is much easier, looking it up on the computer. Speaking of not using big books for imformation computers don't use paper and will lead us to a healthier tomorrow! Millions of toms of paper land in landfills each day! By using computers we could read online and conserve paper! Another fantastic fact is that computers will grow in the future. people have already created touch-screen computers and computers will grow even more! Many people think that using computers is a bad thing, but look at the facts! Doesnt the newspaper write the newspaper on computers? If they didnt, they would be having hand cramps all the time! And what about docters dont they have your medical history on the computer, if not all these papers would get lost! Like in the beginning, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future."