"Dear local news paper I think the computers benefits society. The three reason why so is because computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the abilit to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk onlone with other people, and computers help to make better technology. I belive that computers have positive effect on people. My first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the abilit to learn about faraway places. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students use the computers to do homework. I was visiting a prompt last week. I ddn't know alot abou @LOCATION1 so I whent on the computers and you know what i got to know more about @LOCATION1 and things to the computers I got a A+. So the computers have a positive effect on people. The next reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because computers allow people to talk online with other poeple. Say if a man whant to a and he left his phone at home how will he take to his family why he had computers he can talk to his family online. My family is back in @LOCATION1 I haven't see them in four years so I whant to the stor and get a wedcan and i get to see my family afdter four years. So computers do have a positive effect on people. My last reason why computers have a benefits in society is because computers help to make better technology. Computers help people to make better car, light, an so on. Without computers society is because computers help the soldiers to win wars and even help people to live. My father was dying without computer my father would die thang to computer I have father today. In the end computer have the benefits in society the three reason is computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway place, and computers allow people to talk online with other people and computers help people to make better technology. Spending time enjoying nature is good computers have benfits society better. I hope my three reason can persuade the local news paper to agree with my position that computer have a positive effect on people."