"I think computers are bad because people use them all the time to go on facebook and other wedsites that are sometimes wast of time. People should not go on the computer as much and explore outside and go for walks, explore the woods, exersise most people do not get alot of exersise that they need because there an the computers. People showed stop making computers so less people go on them and so people can exersise more and loss weight. If people stop making computers some people would stop going on bad wedsites. People should only go on the computer for reasurch for projects or for homework liketyping papers. Parentent and kids need to exersise to stay healthy because people do not wnat diebedes when they are young so it really important to exersise so bad things do not happen to your body people need to stay healthy and exersise. All the computer deos is mess up your brain so you do not exersise. So get off the computer exersise, explore outside, go on walks, and explore the wood you never know what you will find in the woods. Go see what you can find. There will be some interesting things you will find like different kinds of bugs and of insects. You might even find a lady bug. There is all diffrent kinds of bees and you might find one that looks like something. So go outside and explore you will never know what you will find. Go for walkts you will never know what you will find and different kinds of houses and the colors of the house the diffrent kinds of front doors, diffrent kinds of houses like small, meddiem, and large. Some house will have diffrent color. The diffrent kinds of animals like dogs and cats that are in the window or outside. You should go hangout outside. You should go hangout outside with family, friends or both and look at the diffrent stuff in nature. Made you can talk pictures and make a scrap book out of the pictures. Make go in the woods and wake around. Just get out and exersise and you would think to yoruself I should get out and exersise more afften instead of being on the computer because I am having more fun hanging out with friends and family and I am doing exersise at the same time instead of being on the computer. In plus the computer was getting boring."