"Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the effects computers have on people is that computers have a good effect. It's good for education mind exercise and communication all over the world. It could @CAPS2 be bad because it would keep you from getting exircise, being with your family and being healthy. But I still think that there are ways to use computers without the bad cause. Some ways computers are good for you are that you can get a better education when you have websites with so much information. Sometimes these information are flase but if you find the websites you can get the rite information. With all of this information you ran exircise your mind to do better in life. You can @CAPS2 talk to people on the other side of the earth and get more inforamtion from them. If I were to say computers are bad for you I would I say that it keeps you from getting enough or maybe any exircise. Computers @MONTH1 be the reason why ther are so many obese people in the @LOCATION1 @CAPS2 when computers are use too much people part from their family and go into different fantasy worlds that somethimes get you addicted to them. And staying for too long on the computer cause prolems. You can get hurt by just sitting for a long amount of time at once. Being on the computer for too long can @CAPS2 cause eye problems where you will begin to lose your sight and will need glasses which will get thicker as you keep looking at the computer screen for hours and days. But even though computers cause so many problems we can prevent them by using the computer to help us. People dont get enough exircise but with the help of computers they can @CAPS2 find times and ways to exircise so that they can stay healthy. They can @CAPS2 find information about how much time should be spent on the computer to not have sight decrease or worse. Some people live far away from their family so computers really help them stay in touch and to be able to see each other. In conclusion I think that computers are more beneficial then harmfull because they give you alot of information for everything and you can comunicat with people all over the world. And computers can help you prevent those things that are bad for you by showing you ways to use computer that won't harm you."