"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 though computers have many benefits, they also have many faults too. I believe that computers and the tecnology these days have many more negative features that positive. Some of those faults are it's bad for your eyes, don't spend as much time with family and excersising and the usage of going outside is less often used. Yeah, I get it that computers are very useful but they also kill your eyesight. If you haven't notested more and more kids have been getting glasses and contacts, due to the use of staring at a screen @CAPS2 day. I know more than @NUM1 kids that have glasses now, I also know that over @NUM2 parents I know now have glasses for the same exact reason. Using these computers is great for looking up your homeowrk, but if you stay on it for over an hour or @NUM3 a day you'll probibly become addicted to it and eventually you'd loose your eyesight. The usual time a kid spends on their laptop a night is about @NUM3 or @NUM5 hours and the time they spend with their family is maby an hour if the parent are lucky. Personally, I feel tecnollogy is the reason parents and kids are less connected. @CAPS2 the kids go on the computer is go on @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 and talk to friends that they see eceryday, so I don't find their friend, mostly the girls but why not just talk to them in school since you see them for @NUM6 hours everyday. The use of technology is being abused! the computers were invented for knoledge not scandeious ""webchats"" or ""@CAPS4 pages."" The world would be so much happier and mentally fit if we stuck to original idea of tecnology. Now kids don't even take a faststep outside their bedroom afterschool, its pointless! Most people even eat in their room so they can talk to people. So thats taking the parents time away from their kids. Now that you have read what I had to say about tecnology now a days, wouldn't you agree that it just takes time away from your actual life? I think it does and hope that you agree with me. "