"The question is does computers have a positive effect on society? Yes computers definetly have a positive effect on society. Computers teach hand-eye coordiantion, give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places and allows people to talk to other people online. Computers put a positive effect of people. First, Computers teach people hand-eye coordination. I mean, computers help people learn how to use there eyes and hands t the same time. A survey conducted by @PERSON3 shows that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people have better hand-eye coordiantion that use computers them that don't. Proffessor @PERSON1 says ""people that use a computer are much more coordinated than any othe person, it is a great discovery."" You @MONTH1 be thinking that s computer would make you less coordianted BUT, computers really help hand-eye coordination in people. In conclusion the more you get to learn hot to use a computer the better hand-eye coordinated you will be. Second, computers allow people to be able to learn about far away places and people. i mean that a computer can help you learn about a faraway @CAPS3 without paying a fortune in money to go the @CAPS3. I remember the time @CAPS4 my mom and dad was going to go to @CAPS1 to see a lot of the landmarks and my uncle came to my house with a brand new computer and my parents ended up staying home and saved themselves a large amount op money. Famous explorer @CAPS2 smome says ""before I go anywhere I always google it on my computer to learn about life, climent, etc, on the @CAPS3. I know you @MONTH1 be thinking that it would be a better experience to go to the @CAPS3 but, it is really expensive to go to very faraway countries. In conclusion, computer can help you save money and help you learn. Third, computers lets people talk to other people online. i mean people go to special websites just to talk to friends. A survey done by @ORGANIZATION1. Shows that @PERCENT1 of people talk to other people over those websites. aAmous social worker @PERSON2 says ""@CAPS4 people use these websites it helps them with their vocabulary and social abilities."" I know you @MONTH1 be thinking those websites are dangerous is at, viris software can prevent danger. In conclusion social abilities are up with computers. Lastly, computers teach people about faraway places, help social abilities and learn hand-eye coordination. Computers can help society and learning so help the growth technology today!!!"