"Computers they give you @CAPS1 and reasearch from a for distance from you. But is it good for you? Those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people. I believe they @MONTH1 be correct. I believe that a computer can be used by finding things out from far distances, it can also give hand - eye coordination, I also believe that it is ok to use a computer if you are just using it for reasearch or other needed actions. When useing a computer it gives you the advantages of researching and studying far away places. This is good because some people have intrest in places around the world. Also, @CAPS2 need computers now adays, thier teachers give the write up typed assignments, or power point presentations. Also, parents you computers for work or maybe to get away from work to take a vacation they need took book it some how. Also, some say using a computer can give you Hand eye coordination. Well, it does in fact when you type. Some @MONTH1 not know this hut typing is a skill, some people type fast some type slow and some are average typers. Also, to teach little kids maybe even some adults, people have created a typing game on the computer it will teach kids how to type. Also, some people who type super fast go to get test to see how fast they type the test gives numbers like seventy words a minute. People naturally type about thirty words a minute. I believe that people should be able to go on computers for needed actions such as research. Many kids have learned about these other websites such as facebook, I tunes, youtube, and twitter. Some become addictted so they never got off. Also, being on all of these websites and more try to give you things. that my give you a virus. Viruses can come in many strengths some can crash your computer some just send boat loads of pop-ups to your monitor. I feel that it is ok to go on the computer to do research or bok vacations. If you are addicted to other websites stop because you will crash you computer with one click of your mouse. Over all I believe computers are a great source to get information off of but should not be addicted so called toy. Computer have a positive effect on people. Just dont be addicted and got outside... and have exercise with friends and family too."