"Your spending too much time on the computer your mom and dad well out. You relize it's time toget off and go outside. You spend about @PERCENT1 more or less on the computer each day, but @CAPS1 good reasons. You can multi task on it, you can talk to friends and family you haven't seen or talked to forever, and lastly, you can spend time outside as well as in side. @CAPS5 you were smart you would not listen to those experts Have you ever heard of the word multi tasking? It's were you can do more than on thing at a time, @CAPS1 example you car read and talk, or text and talk, or walk and be reading something. You have all these things you condo. Another example is when your on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read. What you can even do is you can talk to your friends, listen to music, and do homework. What i mean when i say homework is when you have to type up an easy or something. The fourth and final examples is that about @PERCENT2 of us can multi task @CAPS2 of my friends told me that they just bought a laptop with a built in camera, @NUM1 now they can talk to people they haven't seen in a long time. ""I haven't seen my sister since she moved to california @NUM2 years ago, so i thougnt I would use the @CAPS3 on my laptop to se her."" @CAPS4 a mother of the @ORGANIZATION1. A computer or laptop can be good @CAPS1 talking to friends or family you haven't seen in a long time. Anouther from a student say's."" @CAPS5 you were smart, and understanding you would now why everyones on the computer so much"". When your on the computer and your friends start to talk to you about things you understand why, you ussaly don't see your friends unless its lunch"" or before class. Computers help talking to friends move easier than writing letters or waiting @CAPS1 calss to get out. You get off the bus and you relize that it's pur sunshine out. You decide to do some or all of your homework now so you can go out and play. Your outside @CAPS1 about a few hours. When you come in its around @NUM2:00 pm. You eat dinner and ya just want to unwind from the days gigantic adventure so you go on the computer. Ypu can go on the computer around like wild animals outside too. Only responside kids plan their time acordingly In conclusion it is important that you now that computers are good @CAPS1 multi tasking, talking to friends and family you havent seen in along time, and that you can go outside as well a stay inside now is the time to call, @CAPS5 you were smart you wouldn't listen to these experts."