"Dear Newspaper, I believe comuputer have made a great effect on people in society. I believe this because they make you smarter, they help with entertainment needs, they also give you the option to socialize with websites, and online chatting. theese are things people need in every da life and heres now. One reason why I believe computers benefitt people in society, is with the simple fact that computers teach you things. I mean sure you can pick up a book, but why? with a computer you can quickly, and easily type in what you need to know and within seconeds you have @NUM1 million sites that can tell you what you need to know. Computers can also show you places that you've always wanted to see and learn about, the computer can tell you an exact location and information about the area. I know your thinking to yourself. ""wow how cool!!"" but that nothing wait untill you hear what else i have to say! Computers can give you instructions on how to build stuff, step by step instruction to create a work of art. My seconed reason is computers can give you entertainment like playing games, watching movies, and tv shows you missed because you were at work or doing something important. My last reason why computers benefit society is with entertainment, you can make friends or chat with the ones you have, with websites like facebook, @CAPS1, @CAPS2, ect. Making friends or keeping up with the ones you have in a positive way help fight depression. If your always happy on the computer. Therefore you'll have nothing to be depressed about. Also if you have any questions at all that you have wondering in your @CAPS3 ask the computer and it will awnser your questions throughly, and leave you satisfied with an awnser. As you can see computers can do many great things, and what I said is only a few things computers are capible of just watch, computers will be apart of our lives more and more and if you can't use one you @MONTH1 have a hard time. please if you have a different opinion consider my decisons. Thank you for your time."