"What if you're family all and to talk to them percent of people commucate online, and thats not a bad thing. Heres the thing, are you for or against kids/parents online for too long. I am all for this. Reasons being are lots of kids have friends that they talk to online, secondly kids have homework/projects that they might have to look up online, and my last reason for this is, some family might have @CAPS1 ect, so they can communicate online. My first reason for this is, a lot of kids have friends online that can't text or even talk on the phone, so this is another easier way to talk to them. Did you know that most kids communicate online now. ""I think the internet is a great things, I mean I would rather have my kids online than outside roaring the and getting into troupe."" @CAPS2 @ORGANIZATION1. @NUM1 of @NUM2 kids are online communicating with others. Without a doubt, kids bring home projects and homework everyday right? Wouldn't you rather your kid looking up information online, then have them guessing and getting it wrong? I know that alot of children don't have computers, internet or essy, or maybe their got allowed online. That's why they. I remember the times when I had a project due at school, and I guessed on. that didn't do my grade any good. So then I decided the next time I have a project to do it on the internet. And it worked, I got a much better grade then I did on the one I guessed on. Lastly, mostly everybody has on the internet and would live to and with them while. So even stay online too often your not on it for a bad reason, your on to talk to your family."" @CAPS3 I got internet in my house, I barly ever got to talk to my family. But just then, my son me to get one, and I have the chance to talk to my family everyday. @CAPS2 a recent of a computer. Some people do say on the computer for too long at times, and don't get out on exercise the amount a humane should. or they don't get out of the house as much as they used to @CAPS3 they got the internet. Yes but, it's a good cause, it's not like because forever. Also it's being used for good. Not for anything bad. I think the internet is a great thing, and it puts a effect on many people. Reasons are, kids have friends online to talk too, ""lots of that needs internet, and last of people have family online to talk to so it's now or get out there and your best pick. The issue grapple with is if you for or against internet acess! So get out there, and change now."