"Are computers benefiting society? I believe that computers are actually not benifiting society. In this article I will explain how you will recieve less time exersising, less time with your family and friends, and less time enjoying nature just by being on you computers to much. If you are one of those people that love to be on the computer as much as you can? Well, think of it this way. You spend so much time on the computer that you recieve little or no exercise! Everyone needs to recieve a little bit of exercise in order to fit and healthy. Our country's obesity level has gone up since our high-tech computers have come out. I believe that this is one main reasons of obesity. This is a major concern in our high-tech, computer society today. Besides you recieving less exercise, you will also recieve less time with your family and friends. I understand with your family could talk to them on facebook but you need interaction by talking face to face. This is one of our basic needs as an individual. Your family is going to be by your side no matter what. But you need to build a strong relationship with your family in order for them to be there for you. This is only going to happen if you interact face to face with them. The same thing goes for friends. This is another nacessity for basic needs!!!! Everyone should have some relationship. Lastly, everyone needs to enjoy nature! It is a beautiful sight that everyone needs to expirence. Being trapped inside the house to be on your computer is a terrible thing to do. The beauties of nature are amanding everybody but @NUM1 of people don't take the opportunity to enjoy it. Being outside and enjoying yourself is a big thing for your body to survive. You need to sook up the powerful rays of the sun and have a life changing look around nature. But @CAPS1 of this will happen if you stay on your computer @NUM2. In conclusion, computers are not benifiting society. People recieve little or no exercise, interaction with friends of family, and a chance to enjoy nature. Everyone nedds to have these needs instead of fucusing all on the computer."