"Dear Local Newspaper, Technology is really a fascinating thing in life is it? Take a computer for example, they can check information online, give people the ability to learn about far away places and people, and even allow people to communicate. This absolutely benefits society. Well, it makes life a lot easier and faster for people. Don't you agree? Do you ever forget what your homework was or what time does something start and end? Well you can always checks information online, @CAPS3 you ever forget! So there, you can be on task and get ready early. For example, you need to know what time a movie starts at the movie theatre so you check online! Also, you can forget the steps of how to do something on your project or homework, so you check online! So whenever a student forgets, he can check online instead of coming tomorrow to school and saying, ""@CAPS1 I didn't know what to do,"" or, ""@CAPS1, I forgot how to do it."" @CAPS2 you ever wanna travel to places but you knew nothing about the place? Or how much would it cost? Or have you ever wanted to learn about a famous person, for example, @PERSON1? Instead of going to the library and reading through all these books to learn something, you can just go online! There are millions and millions of websites about places and people. Therefore, it makes it much easier to learn about a certain place, person or thing. The computer can be really helpful and useful. Plus, you can plan vacation, to a place and be sure you will have enough money by checking the price online! So you won't have to worry that you wont have enough money when you got there. @CAPS2 you ever want to communicate with your friends all day long without wasting minutes? In fact, you can communicate with multiple friends on the computer. For example, chat rooms can reach up to hundreds of people. Therefore, you won't have as much trouble trying to communicate to all your friends at a time on the computer than on the phone. Also, you communicate with people around the world. This includes your family members or relatives etc. @CAPS3 they live on the other side of the @LOCATION1. Plus, @CAPS3 you have not seen them for awhile or haven't talked to them, you can webcam or video chat with each other. Keeping in contact with important people or your friends is a good thing. The effects that computers have on people are really something you should thank god for. You can check information about something @CAPS3 you ever forget. You have the ability to learn about people and places easily and you can communicate with your family and friends!"