"There has been a debate weather computers benefit society or hurt society. I personnaly agree with th statement that computers benefit in society. I think that computers do improve your hand-eye coordination. When you can type fast and accuratly you know your hand eye coordination is doing well. I remeber as a kid I would watch my grandmother type about seventy-five words per minute. Just from her year of practice, she becamr very computer coordinated. My hand-eye coordination is becoming a lot better because I have types for a long time. Scientists say that @PERCENT2 or people that type for at least four years become better hand-eye coordinated typing fast keeps your fingers quick and agile. I once read a book on computers and an expert said ""the invention of the computer keyboard could possibly be the greates hand-eye coordination practice ever."" @CAPS1 plus about computers is that they allow you to learn about far away places wtihout really going there. In school you can do projects on other countries without traveling just by using a computer. I once had to do a class project on @LOCATION1 and got a @PERCENT1 just by using a computer, people can look up information on countries for pleasure too. Mu mom just wanted to learn about @LOCATION2 so she just looked it up on the internet from her computer. You can research schoold too. My older sister went online to bok at collges without acctually traveling to the actual college states. Finally one more thing you can do on a computer is talk to people online. There is such a thing as @CAPS2-mail which allows you to write people over the internet on the computer. I remember when my baseball coach was going to tell me I made the team he just @CAPS2-mailed my parents because it was the most simple way to get it done. There is also such a thing as @CAPS4 (instant messaging) that allows you to imediatly talk to somebody and for them to immidiatly talk to you back. I remeber I used to go on @CAPS4 everyday to talk to friends. Also you can video chat which allows you to directly see somebody and actually talk to them physically. I read a news article on video chatting and an expert said ""video chatting is the single best way to communicate with someone without being right inforn of them talking with them. These reasons are why I think computers are a big help in our society."