"Dear newspaper, In my opinion, I believe that kids and adults spend more than enough the on their computers I can see how it benefits you in some ways but it keeps you away from halwe, being outdoors and excersizing. It also can have an effect on your eyes in your later life. People go on @ORGANIZATION1, @LOCATION1, and @CAPS1 search engines and a little more than half those site's results are fuke. And the more people go on computers, the easier it is to yet caught pladurizing and that is a big thing in the community. Those are some ideas, but I have some more don't worry and details to go along with those ideas. People need fresh air, excersize for their body and to enjoy the outdoors. You can do all of that stuff if you just get off the computer. And instead of searching the places online and what their all about, just go visit them. You will get fresh air, excersize and experience. And after having that experience you will pass it on, teh real to ohter people will not get any of hot fake stuff. For example, you can search @CAPS2 online and they just have pictures food. But if you take visit there you will get to really last the food. Would you rather being sitting in a chair, staring at the computer, or having fun outdoors visiting places you have never seen before? You will never get or learn anything by pudurizing plus you will get than and get clicked. But if you think a little or maybe had experience with your writing tool, then you will learn and. That is also because kids are too lazy to it out because they are not outside doing things and they're inside and used to they becausethey are so their computer all the time. I guest I also agree with using computers because they give you skills they going to places don't give you. Like, you also need skills, mainley, hand-eye coordination for typing the long papers for collage and those skills will get you for in life. It's like a chain reaction, you type on the computer a lot, you will have good hand-eye coordination if you have good hand-eye coordination, you will do good in school, and it goes on. And you end up being successful. Another benefit with computers is the sales, more and more people are buying computers which helps the economy so I guess I agree but my opinion will stay strong with not using computers. So wether you have a computer or not, if you dont I prefer not to get one, but get off your bum and do some excersizing and visit those topical islands you always visit."