"Dear @CAPS1: People are spending far to much time on computers. This go for children and adults alike. Just think about it anything you can do on a computer you can do without a computer. That and pepole need to spend mor time outside expiriencing nature. Lastly some bad things can be shown and can happen while online. I chalenge you to name one thing you can do on the computer that you can't do without. You can't even name one. Think about it you can reserch and find pictures from books and magasigns. Insted of social networking sites you can actualy go and see the person or if they are far away you can call them or write them a letter. To find out about current events you can read the newspaper or watch the news. If you like using computer disign programs try drawing a real picture instead. Lastly if you download a lot of music you can just but a cd or better yet go to see the band live. Face it you can't do ehything on a computer that actualy requires the computer. Artificial simulations are no mach for the real outdoors. On a computer all you can do is watch and even that is nothing compared to the real thing it's just a snapshot of it. Outside you can the gentel breses the warm sun the cool grass, you can smell fresh pine and clean air. You can hear all the other cretures surounding you. Going outside is better for you to. Outside you get exersize and vitimin @CAPS2 while inside you get fat lazy and sick. Can't you see how great the outdoors are? Computers can do more harm than good. They can show children inapropriat pictures and talk about inapropriat topics. They are even now using computers to sell illegal drugs. Children allso often use the internet irrisponsibly and to things that can dissrupt frendships and get them into truble. The computer has also made it alot easyer for kidnappers to find children and kidnapp them. They do this by pretending to be the childs peer then using the information the child him he will make almost a garunteed kidnapping. This is happening more and more frequently. The computer isn't as helpful as you thought. Computers are not realy benificial to our socity. They have no rel use that isn't alredy taken care of. The can not replace the real outdoors. Lastly they can be eisily used for bad even ilegal purpuses. As you can see computers should be used as much as they are being used by the general public."