"Dear local newspaper, Computers have a good effect on people in our comunnite, from computers you can learn, talk to people from out of state or even out of the county, also you can learn hand eye cornation. Computer can help you earn in many ways one way you could learn from computers is students can go online and got information for their school projects by finding this information it can help the students get better grades. Also the students can use the computer as a way to study. There are educational games on the computer that kids play and without knowing this they are learning and studying for school. Another way you could too a is from online classes. This could help people also because do not have enough many to pay to go to classes. As you can see there are many ways to learn from having computer. The computer can also help you talk to people from out of the state or country. This could help famlies stay connected when they live so far away from you. My cousin @PERSON4 and my aunt @CAPS1 math live in @LOCATION1 and i hadn't met then until the @DATE1, when they came down. @CAPS3 that i have met them i am able to stay them through the computer. Dr. @PERSON2 says, ""@CAPS2 close with familys and friends not only important for you you health."" by haveng computers we could talk to our relative and help our health. When you get out of college people let go of some good friends because they could live in different state,. the computers can help you stay connected with them. Lastly, computers can help you with you hand eye coodination, when your hand eye cornation because you are trying to type a word. and by hitting the key you want you are learning this. I have sam kids with special needs useing the computer is help them learn hand eye cornation. there is a girl in my school named @PERSON3 and the help her by leting her play games on the computer when in my class ive had to help her with picking things up, @CAPS3 to eat and walk with her hands alone. Her helper teacher. Ms @PERSON1 says the computer game has helped her. The effect that compuers have on society is good."