"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am writing a letter to you today because I have herd a complaint that and more people are using computers and getting less exsercise. These experts that are concerned also say people need to enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends more. These experts @MONTH1 be smart but they are wrong. I am going to tell you how they are wrong. My first example is that people that go on the computer alot still exercise. Take twitter as a example. The football player ocho-cinco ""tweets"" all the time but that doesn't mean he doesn't get exercise. There are plenty of sports players that are on twitter and they are fit. Most of the kids in my grade including me have a facebook. Most of the kids are fit. Just because they are on the computer alot doesn't mean they can't exercise. My second example is the effect of the computer. Students use the computer for a lot of things. We use wikipedia for are projects and research a person. Some schools know a day almost depend on computers. I rember when I lived in country we never had to reely type anything unless it was a project. When I moved to @CAPS3 I am always typing something. Even a rough draft they want me to type. In couentry I would write out my final draft. I have to use the computer. Schools also are teaching us about the computer @CAPS4 as we learn more and more things on the computer we are on the computer more and more. When someone. Finds out a new website there going to tell there friends and there going to pass it on and @CAPS4 on. My third example is how the experts say that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends. My grandpa, aunt, other family members have a facebook account. That means I can still interact with family and friends. The people that are the computer alot that are adults probably don't have family over every night and probably go out with friends evey once in a while. Computers also benefit Society for buisness people they might have to a powerpoint and they have a computer. When experts say we need to enjoy nature, interact with family and friends, and do more excising they might be right but we can do all these things but we can also still go on the computers. If you take a survey in @CAPS3 to see how many people are on the computer almost everyday and then you ask them how many of them exercise you would see that you can do both."