"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 you see, owning a computer can effect you. Having a computer can make you have lazy behavier, can @CAPS2 you from being indoors, and can @CAPS2 you inside so you dont hang out with family and friends. Everyone loves having a computer, but have you ever thought what it can do to you? Spending all day or even half your day on the computer will make you lazy. When your lazy or becoming lazy you dont want to do anything, and without doing anything you can become overweight. So, you need exersize because it's good for you and exersizing can protect you from health problems such @CAPS1 diebities. Get off your computer, and go for a walk. Why would anyone want to be indoors on a computer when you can go enjoy what nature posses. Being so drawn to your computer can @CAPS2 you indoors instead of breathing fresh, clean air which is outside. Being outside can be lots of fun too. You can go swimming or even have a picnic in your local park. When your outside you can also see all the breathtaking scenery, wild animals, and exotic plants and flowers that live among us. If you just go outside for atleast an hour a day you'll see fore sure how much better it is than being on a computer. Staying on the computer for too long can @CAPS2 you from what realy matters, your friends and family. Why talk on the internet to a friend when you can meet up with them and do something fun? Friends and family are realy important and if you don't spend time with them they can become upset. Being with friends and family are supposed to be the best moments of your life, so dont spend them on the computer. Go call up a friend and do something fun, I hope by now you understand that being on the computer or having one is not the best idea. Having a computer can make you lazy, @CAPS2 you from enjoying nature, and can have you not spend time with family and friends. If everyone got off the computer for at least a hour a day they'll live a happier, healthier life. So, turn off your computer get off your couch, and enjoy your life."