"Dear @CAPS1 @ORGANIZATION2, I believe that computers have a positive affect on people who use them. Because they teach hand eye coordination, give us the ability to learn about far away people and places and allow us to chat online with people. @CAPS3 first reason of why I think computers have a positive affect on people is that they teach hand eye coordination. For example, we need to use our hand-eye coordination skills when we type to @CAPS2 the letters. This helps us increase our Hand eye coordination because it helps us think about what letters we are typing, @CAPS2 the letters on the keyboard, and push them. Also when we type long passages it increase our hand eye coordination becaue we get used to wrighting the long paragraphs and we become more familiar with where the letters are on the keyboard and our speed increases,which means we can get more work done in a shorter time. Believe it or not @PERSON1 free of the @ORGANIZATION1 hospital took a survey that showed @NUM1 people who type essays instead of wrighting them by hand, have a greater hand eye coordination skill. Computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places. For example computers make it easier to reaserch far away people and places. Useing a computer can help us understand and learn about people and places withought a trip to the library. Also computers allow us to @CAPS2 us to @CAPS2 more info about recent events that have just around the world. Also computers make it faster to reserch topics because looking for a book in those big libraries can be stressfull, not to mention dificult. Also informat on a computer can never be checked out or not availible like library books. Lastly you have information right at our fingerries so you will never have to leave youre house, @CAPS3 last reason is that computers allwo us to chat online with other people. This can help us because it allows us to talk to friends and family from around the world. Also it helps us talk to our parents if theyre away or if you're on a camping trip. Chating on a computer is a great way to make friends with people you dont know and block people you dont want talking to you. So in a sence you can be in controll of your friendships and who youre friends with. Computers are the greatist advance in technology sence the wheel and they have helped so many people."