"@ORGANIZATION1, I am writing this letter to inform you about the Use of computers. Computers can be fun and interesting, But, people are spending to much time on the computer. @CAPS3 opinion is you should spend time interacting with people in your society, your family, and friends. I also think that @CAPS2 is easy to get addicted to the computer, I should @CAPS1 I was a person that spent @CAPS3 time @NUM1 on the computer and @CAPS2 wasn't good. You should be safe on the computer because now and days @CAPS2's dangerous @CAPS2 is appalling that people spend More time on the computer than with ther own Family. Don't you agree? Well you shoud, your society, family, and friend should be the most important thing to you. You shouldn't be spending your whole day on the computer, you should be interacting with the people around you. Now and days you will see plenty of people on the computer and not spending time with there family. That shouldn't be going on. Although the computer is fun and interesting you will have people around you the wisher to spend time with you. You should think about this because this is happening to much in the world. @PERCENT1 of the people in @CAPS3 school say their addicted to the computer, and @PERCENT2 of the people in @CAPS3 community say their addicted to the computer too. Those are very high numbers don't you think? This is terrible and should stop going on. The computer is like a drug, you can get on the computer one time, then your just going to want to stay on ti everyday all day. The first time you get on the computer you will be addicted to @CAPS2 right away. I'm not saying you should never get on the computer, but be sure you won't get too addicted to @CAPS2 because @CAPS2 can happen very easily. @CAPS3 mother always sayed be safe on the computer"". At first I didn't really @CAPS1 what she meant, but now I @CAPS1. What ever you do on the computer will stay their and be saved no matter how you try to delete @CAPS2. So, you should be safe and don't put any thing on the computer if you would want anyone else to see @CAPS2. Anyone can see what you put so you should be safe. Kids are meeting people they don't @CAPS1 and try to meet them. So you should watch out because the computer is the only place @CAPS7 you can lie. Now you should understand @CAPS7 im coming from. You should now agree with me and under stand that people should spend more time you don't get addicted and be safe."""