"Some people believe that computers are a positive effect to people, but its positive because it rots you brain. I think that computer is a waste of time and is an excuse for you to not spend time with you family as to go outside and enjoy nature. This is why computer time should be reduced and family time increased. Absolutley, computers is the type of things that can kill brain cells if you spend to much time on it. Teenagers are the main cause of this and when they get on the computer and get on myspace and facebook they wont be learning anything and just kill major brain cells. When they go to school to take the cmts they are going to fail because they wont know anything because of the computer. Also, This is a big problem for familys because they dont hang out with each other because their always on the computer. The excuse for parents is ""@CAPS1 im on the computer"" then they never go and the children get very upset. This leads to anger problems then they stop listening to you. All it is, is cause and effect. My friends on @NUM1 has anger problems and doesn't listen to anyone all because her family never hung. Consequently, peope spend most of their time inside on the computer, you guessed right! my sister is on the computer @NUM2 and she never goes outside to enjoy the nature. People can get that @LOCATION1 were they haute to go outside and we dont want that do eve. Doctor @CAPS2 brown says everyone should go outside to just relax mostly everyday because staying in the house is not good. The computer is defeating that purpose. On the other hand, the computer is a nifty device and can be very handy at times like if your need perfect directions or need a question answered. Sometimes you just want to talk to old time friends you haven't seen in a while. Computers are good for alot of things but to much of it is not good for us lastly, i'd like to say the computer has great purpose but i think it just makes excuses for us so we dont spend time with our family, dont go outside enough to enjoy the nature."