"Would you ever think that a computer can take to much time or keep you from doing lots of things. Does using a computer mess up your life in some ways I would say no. The computer is common life everybody needs it or uses it in some way of form. People need it because they look a news when they could not catch it on @CAPS1 so they go to the amazing technoliga. We have witch is the @CAPS2.C of laptops or phone with internet. This just is a natural thing in are lifestyle now the computer does not stop you from going outside and playing other things its you say no I love this tecnoligy do much that I want to stay on it. So does the computer mess up someones life in anyway or is it just you. The beautiful things a @CAPS2.C can do for you. A computer can do lots of things for you wont want to leave it and go do other things, like you have lots of home work and a project that you need I @CAPS4 for so you go do your work and you can also listen to music and type your project and doing things even though your not outside playing and being active doesn't mean that your not doing somethings better for your life like typing faster for a job when you get older and nowing how to use a @CAPS2.C good and not being out of touch with family there is cameal. @CAPS2.C's have been around for a long time and eversince this world has had them we have been smarter more talented in most ways and kids and adults are in touch with wats going around us and how the world is acting technology has helped many people when they needed something done in a rush or for mostly everything they have been around for things the @NUM1 year old people can still go. Research things that they have never known. And find out billions of aplications for it. Although most people stay on for long periods of time but they cant stay on all day without say hi to family and talking to them. So has been around for a long time and still is being used everyday and always will be. So would you think that a computer is tacking to much time in a persons day and they are not spending enogh time with family or is it just that compturs are a all natural thing that everybody needs."