"Dear local newspaper, I think people are spending to much time on the compture an these are my reasons, Less time exercising, an enjoying nature and interacting with friends an family. My reason is less time exercising people are to busy on the computer playing games an talking to other ones. Dont you think you should be outside doing some exercising like running around or playing sports instead of being in your house on the comptuer doing nothing. People should at lest get @NUM1 of exercising. You could be on the comptuer for a little while but not on it @NUM2. Take a break from the comptuer an go outside for a little bit injoy the weather an being outside. People just cant take @NUM1 away from there comptuer time I find that really hard to belive that people cant. Its like the comptuer took over there brains an all they want to do is be on it an never get off. My second reason is enjoying the nature go outside for a little bit an see whats going on there go take a walk outside in the woods an look for the animals or look for animal tracks. There are a lot of fun things you can do outside like climb a tree or going fruit picking. You dont have to be inside all day an stare at the computer playing games an talking to friends. You could be outside injoying the nice weather you are getting. Peopl need to learn that there is better things to do with there time. My third reason is that interacting with friends an family. It inportant you spend time with them an see how they been an what they been up to. But instead people are always to busy to talk to there family members becuse they are always on the comptuer doing stuff they dont need to being doing. There are a lot more inportant things in life an people need to understand that. Family is way more inportant then being on the computer but people these days they put family second because they never want to talk to them or see them because they are always so busy waisting there time on the comptuer. Like checking there email is fine but waisting your time on these chat things like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 its just a waist of your time people can hang out an do things they dont have to be on the computer asking there friends that they should just call them an ask. Dont get me wrong I have a @CAPS2 to an it takes away from your hanging with family an things but I make time for I can hang out with friends an family an enjoy the natuer an I do exercis. So I dont see why its so hard for people to do that. So in conclusion I think that people do waist there time on the comptuer to much like I said there are more inportants things in life an things you can be doing like exercising, Enjoying natuer an hanging with friends an family. So I hope you take my ideas an consider them an thank you for listening to what I think. I hope people can get it through there head that they dont have to be on the comptuer @NUM4."