"Suppose you have a family member that you have not seen in a long time and you dont have enough money to visit them because they live to far? Or you are injured or sick and you have nothing to do, so you decide to just browse the internet and you actually learn some interesting things like what new organism has scientist found out or something in history you've never known before? Amazingly, the computer is filled with knowledge like this. You could talk to family members you haven't seen before or just havent got the chance to see them in a long time. You could even know a lot of new interesting stuff about nature and history you would have never known about by just stepping outside. And just so you know more, I'll even tell you about these things. I have a half sister who I only get see like once a year or once two years. But the only way I get to interact with her is on facebook. There is also websites people use to talk to loved ones like twitter, myspace, yearbook, aim, skype ect. Not only do you just talk to them you could do a webcam chat, so you could also see them. Alot of people use webchat to talk with old friends. While on the computer you could also learn new things. Yesterday, when I was on the computer I got bored and did some random searching, and in that @NUM1 min. I learned things I never heard about, like the ""@CAPS1 massacre"" and that time when a teacher went into a spaceship for the first time and it blew up with the teacher in it. Man was that a tragedy! If you were interested in nature you could learn about all kinds of nature around the world. Also, if you are interested in ancient time with a few typing you got all kinds of fascinating things of ancient time like @PERSON1, the city that was forgetten, then found. I'm pretty sure you couldn't learn that kind of stuff stepping outside. The amazing things a computer could do! Talking with family and friends you haven't seen in which to be decades and learning fascinating things. Usually it's cool because you could learn things your teacher never new. Would you want the teacher teaching you or you teaching the teacher!"