"What is more fun, stairing at a blank computer screen all day, or spending the day out in beutifull nature with your friends and family? Well, if you don't know, I do. I took a survey at my school with the same exact question and @PERCENT2 of the kids said that hanging out with friends and family is much more than spending all of your time on the computer, and there are three reasons why they said that. First, instead of talking to people on the computer, than in person. Next it's unhealthy, and lastly alot of bad things can happen on the internet. So, if you are interested in this topic please keep on reading and I will prove that the computer is not a good way to spend your spair time. Do you know what computers were intended to do? Computers were you people, but have for one second that instead of interacting with people you should interact with the people around you. Instead of going on facebook/myspace to talk to your friends, just them over. If you do that its not only more fun, healthier for you. So next time anything else just think the other options. In my last paragraph didnt I say that hanging out with friends is much more healthier then being? Well I was absolutly @PERCENT1! Did you know that when you waist your only hurting yourself? Well, you are when all your doing is sitting down stairing at a screen you are not doing anything to help your self because you are get absolutly exercise. When your not on the computer at least walking a little bit, but typeing doesnt do anything for you. Thats why people shouldn't spend all of their time on the computer. Have you ever heard of an internet preditor? Well if you let me just sum it up for you. An internet preditor is someone that uses the computer to get people they dont know do inapropriate things. And did I say it was against the law, because it is. So if you you ignore friend because if you dont, bad things. And tahts just one of the reasons why people spend as much time on the computer. So, now you know why people shouldnt spend as much time on the computer as they usually do. First, instead of talking to people on the computer, go in person. Next, it's unhealthy, and lastly, internet preditors. So the next time you open your laptop, just think is it more fun stairing at a blank computer screen or spending the day in beutifall nature with friends and family? And always remember what the is."