"Dear Readers, I believe that Computers do good in our country and have a positive affect too people. This is because it saves paper sending emails and you save money too, also you can learn new things about different countrys like @LOCATION1, and lastly you can iteract with people you know and talk to them and use technowlogy to your advantage. These are a few reasons why computers have positive affect on society and the wayore live. First off computers help save the environment and they do this by leting us not cut down trees and make paper out of them. Do you know how many trees are cut down a day around @NUM1 trees and they are all not imeditly taken to the mills to be turned into paper. But thet stopin piles at loging sites and are leftrotting there not be my put to good work or what they should be. I feel that trees have feelings like us but can't talk with out a mouth. So when you cut down a tree its like robing. Using computers we save trees and stop all that from happening. She one reason why think computers are a positive impact on love and society. Secondly learning you can learn a lot on a computer all you have to do is look for it. I learn many things each day at school because of the help of computers and I feel that is computers are use it can excellour learning and @MONTH1 been a lot more in a lot shorter time then we would have my to find a book or the subject what youre looking for. Computers have made things a lot impact on children but we all new things I when we use computers. So computers are a good thing and a bad thing. Finaly you can talk and interact with friends. techknowlogy has advanced so much that we don't see the world in prospective like take a cell phone for example what do you see mostly likly a phone. But if you open it up what to do you find? You will find a micro computer thats capable of surfing inter playing music just smaller size then before. computers revolutronized the way we look at the world and techknowlogy we can talk and play games usiing this techknowlogy most of what we see every day used with techknowlogy hike, a game station or even a car rardo. adn all of it is used to help using ract with one on toher. So I veiw techknowlygy a so good thing. In conclusion techknowlogy has a positive and negative impact by more positive than negative influence. Techknowlogy help us in our everyday lives and helps save the environment by letting us talk and save paper just by button. Techknowlogy has revolunoized the wat mankind lives and how they veiw society but it us all a good thing in the end. And so I concluded that techknowlogy/computers have a positive and negative impact on socuoty."