"Dear (Newspaper), This is a very controversial topic. I am discussing. But on this one, I must say I agree with the experts when they say computers have a negative effect on people. It ruins their social lives, and other bad things. If you spend all your time on the computer, you get no exercise, no fresh air, and you will not get to experience the rest of the world. Not recieving your daily exercise is a big problem. Obesity has already been an issue for millions people in the @LOCATION1 And it is mostly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting at the computer the whole day! you want to live a long and healthy life, don't spend all your time having your eyes give to a screen. In adition everyone needs fresh air, right? Going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all. You need your daily intake of oxygen. Lastly, if you are on long enough, enough, it will become an obsession. Computers already have a bad effect on people all around, and just think about what has just been mentioned. Another problem computers have is that they keep you away from your family and friends. As mentioned before, the social life you had will be gone. With that in mind, people will always see you on the computer, and eventually get sick of you. Computers bring no adventures, just pictures of them. Going out into the real world might be hard, but it is something that should be done. a real life cannot be lived in a dark room with no people or no nature. Haven't you always wanted to travel around the world, see different types of cultures, lifesyles, etc? It gets to the point where computer use should be limite, and living your life should be in place of your free time. Using a computer all day will not let you meet new people, and see new places. You will sbe getting nowhere with a computer screen in your face, so put it away! In conclusion, using computers all the time restrict you from exercising, getting fresh air. Meeting new people, and seeing different places all over. At the end up the day, life is short, so you can't aford to waste it. computers have a negative effect on everbody, and hopefully someday these problems will be changed!"