"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I think that children are spending to much time on the computer for the wrong reasons. I say this because all young children and teenagers want to do is get on to @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 all day instead of reaserching and things like that. I have three reason's why I think going on the computer for the wrong reasons instead of exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friend is a @CAPS5 first reason is because it is very dangerous and there are sometimes kidnappers on the chat room. @CAPS5 second reason is because their taking time away from trying to learn stuff off the internet. @CAPS5 final reason is because the interact influences violence. There are @CAPS5 three reason, on to here more. @CAPS5 reason number one why I say people are spending to much time on the internet is because it is dangerous. Young teenagers and children all enter a chat room online. Most of the time that is bad because kidnappers lie about their information so that you can meet up with them and then they take you away. So instead of being on the chat room you could be on the computer looking on the daily news or searching like that. This is why I say that the internet is not alway good to be on all the time if you aren't or learning about the nation. @CAPS5 second reason why I that speding too much time on the computer all the great sometimes is its taking away from your come in the and go to the computer instead of doing their homework on reading. @CAPS6 like computer sometimes more than they like is learned and thats not good because not knowing I could if they got up their is on the computer for educational games but they dont. reason why I am concerned that people using the computer a lot. @CAPS5 final reason why I am concerned about people using the computer to much is because the internet on the computer can influence @CAPS6 to be violent in @CAPS5 ways all games and going on yo all the that affects the world if they keep seeing violence and things in that nature frequently. I say this because in this generation when they see violence it gives an image in more need and then @MONTH1 think its cool to do it because it @CAPS6 like @CAPS3 more than a book on the computer more than a look. When young teens see violence on the computer @MONTH1 think it's cool. This is @CAPS5 final reason why I was concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer. So these one some of the main reasons why I say that the computer is not always a good because people spend a much time on them."