"@ORGANIZATION1, I would like to tell you computers are very helpful in our society today. Have you ever needed to know something about a state or a place that brought up nig news & you needed to get it? Were did you turn to? I know not a book, but to the computer. Without it how were you going to get your info. I think computers are benefitial to our society because it can help you learn and it could tell you when or where to sign up for activities. People interact with others different countries, states, & or continents. Next, is how computer could benefit our society. Computers could help us learn by searching up research for a paper or even expanding our general knowledge. For instance today my class & I are going to the @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS1 to look up info on seat belts on buses. Without computers my class & I couldn't have get it done without the computers. If we had books, it wouldn't have been enough to give to us all & that would mean we would have to share. With sharing some kids @MONTH1 have hogged the books for a long time not allowing the other kid to get the info needed to do the paper, which would lead to a civil dispute in the classroom those two. With computers we have enough for each kid in the class. And, computers could help with gaining more general knowledge quicker. With gaining more general knowledge you become smarter. Next, computer can help set up activities. Computers could help go sign up for activities like baseball, football, basketball, or a gym. With the help from the computers you don't waste time going to the gym signing up, while you could do it at home. Maybe there's a waiting list to enter. You would've known that if you signed up online. For instance my little brother plays baseball & my parents signed him up online. All they had to do was to take him to the place to sign up & show that. I live in the town of @LOCATION1, while others had to sihn up, register, & pay. All of that could've been done online like my parents didnt with the understanding of why computers could be helpful to society by being able to gain knowledge & able to sign up for activities. Do you see why we need them for everyday life or just to get around? Computers are benefitial to our new up & coming society!"