"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, I strongly sudjest that people should spend more time away from the computer. Instead they should be doing more exercise, doing more outdoor activity's, and most importantly spending more time with family and friend's. I think the best way to get everyone to agree with me is to write a passage to explain why I think that people should spend more time away from the computer. The most important reason why people should stop wasteing time on the computer is so that they could get more exercise. Getting more exercise could help you out in a big way because the less exercise you get means the less healthier you are. More exercise could also be helpful because you could have health preventing you from getting deabetes, and a lot of people get diabetes from body in shape. My last reason why I say that getting more exercise is good for you is because, if you get more exercise then you would not have to worry about all of the deseas and problem's when you are in your elder ages. Another way you could spend your time instead of staying on the computer is by doing outdor activity's. Outdoor activitys could be really good for you because if you are not used to going outside and playing a nice game of football with you friends than it would be very fun for you. I remember one time when I first started going outside I had so much fun. My last reason why I say that more people should spend time doing more outdoor activitys is because of nature. It would be really good for you to go on a walk in a nice @DATE1 day to feel the breeze and smell all the nice scents. My last reason why I say that you should spend more time off of the computer is so that you could spend more time with your family. Spending time with family is way more important then going on the computer with friends. I remember one time when my cousin and I were at his house and we really did not know each other but I got to spend more time with him and now we know a lot about each other. My last reason why I say that you should spend more time with your family is because you could learn a lot about you family. So now you know the three reason's why I say you could be doing more thing's instead of spending time on the computer which are exerciseing, doing outside activity's, and spending time with your family."