The effects of computers to people are that adults and kids are getting way more attention then they need to. The first reason why is that most spend their time social networking. The others are either buying things or playing games. Some of the people that are on the computers are wasting too much time being tech-saavy. It's other ways people can spend their time like biking or taking a brisk walk. Another solution is you can get up on you learning skills or find a job around you town. Computers drain and waste peoples minds everyday. I think it is essential for the people that can't get off seek fitness and mental health. Than again it could be legitimate reasons to be on the computers spending as much time as you want. The people that abuse the access of their computer too much should think and find something else to do. I think it'll be a good idea to have a time when the computers should be shut off one day or a week. By that I mean the cable/enternet company should turn the internet and the cable off for a week of pure exercise. That'll make people who are lazy to do something active. It'll also be a good motivator for people who are on the computer or watching t.v too much. Then it would make everybody fit and health if they try. I understand the elderly or senior citizens who need their computers for health help. That's understandable but everyone else should not be exempt. Computers and laptops should be network disconnected to make people get off their feet and do something helpful or brain building. Everyday people are being digitally sucked in. Some people in this world just can't get enough of it and it need to dead soon. The government should make a legal law that you must do something that will actively benefit you. It should be a person of the state or local towns person that goes to every house. Another way that could be done is by one person from every street in the state go home-to-home to make sure the procedure is being done. A lot of people are not going to like it and they will not obey the new law. It should be a penalty towards anyone that fails to abide by it. The second choice should be a loss of internet services. That'll make them really mad and in exchange they should still exercise. Sometimes it takes harsh laws to make somebody change.