"Did you know that computers are the number @NUM1 selling electronic device in the world? I think that computers are only making our soceity a smarter and more inteligent place. Also computers help old time friends and family keep in touch. Finnaly I think they are helping are society because computers teach great hand-eye coordination. Studies have shown that @PERCENT1 of the people growing up with computers at home have a high paying job! Computers are very intelligent pieces of equipment and if you know how to use a computer you will most likley hae a high paying carreer. Also mostly every job from doctor to police officer to casheer at a store all involve computers and to go those jobs you must know how to work a computer. This is only one of the many reasons I think computers will benifit our soceity. Secondly, I think that this price of technology benifits soceity because it keep family, friends and workers in touch. Have you ever had a time where you think back and wish you could see your old high school friends or even family living. Far away, @CAPS1 computers are one of the most popular ways to do so with all the new websites like @CAPS2, twitter or even your old email website people are keeping in touch all over the world. Another way computers help old time friends keep touch with the new video camera in the computer, family, friends and workers can actually see each other from different parts of the world. A simple message though one of these websites will make someones day and could even make yours. Finnaly I think that computers benifit our soceity because they teach hand eye coordination other life skills. How do you think people can shoot a gun so and so quickly or how do you think a baseball player can swing at such a perfect time. All these things revolve around hand-eye coordination which is best learned by computers. Also people can save lives by just a type about a hurricane, tornado anything but if they do not know how to work a computer many people can get injured or die. These are only three of the many reasons I think computers benifit our soceity. So think twice about the negative comments people say about computers."