"Dear local newspaper, @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 own computer. This illustrates that computers must have an positive effect on people if most people own them. I believe computers do have a positive effect on people because it gives you the ability to talk to other people online, learn about new things, and gives you hand eye coordination. My first reason why I believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it gives you the ability to talk to other people online. Some people dont have phones but do have computers. If you needed to contact somebody you could do it using a computer. Also some people have family and friends who live across the world. Computers are great for keeping in touch, it also wont cost you a lot for long distance, like phones would. Because computers give you the ability to talk to friends, family, and other people it is a positive thing because it is important to do so. My second reason why I believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it gives you the ablity to learn about new things. Learning about new things using a computer gives a positive effect on people because you dont have to travel and go places to get information to learn about things. You could do by a click of a button. People could use the computer to learn about anything or everything. Being able to not have to leave your home to gather information about new things gives a positive effect on people because now more people will be able to learn more because they have more time than they would traveling places to get information. This is a positive effect on people because the more you know the better. Having a lot of knowlage is a good thing and will do good things for you in the future. My third reason why I believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches people hand and eye coordination. Having hand and eye coordination gives a positive effect on people because your going to need it through out live. If you dont have good hand and eye coordination, it is a bad thing because you use it for just about every thing, such as driving, writing, and excercizing. Computers give you the ablity to learn eye and hand coordontion throughout life which is why it is a posite thing for people. I believe computers have a positive effect on people because it gives you the ablity to talk online to people, learn about new things and teaches you hand and eye coordination. I hope this letter persades you to believe that computers do have a positive effect on people."