"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion, spending too much time online has negative effect on society. People aren't getting a full social experience when they talk on email, facebook and twitter. Being on such sites has taken up time that could be spent in other areas, such as family, friends and school. They aren't being able to enjoy the outdoors and being able to exercise. Though online activity can be helpful spending too much time can be harmful. Interacting online can be a great experience for those who have friends and family who live far away. But spending too much time online can damage you social activity levels. In person interaction is better than online, because you see how the person you're talking to is reacting to everything you say. Having a good, positive social environment is benificial to you and your friend. Spending too much time on the computer can also damage you social relationship with your family. For family who live far away, and online is the only way to socialize, online interaction is a great thing to have. But for you close family, you could be missing out on their lives and how they are doing. Your relationship with you family could be in jeoporady because you insist on using your computer. When you use the computer, you're probably eating some food too. And spending time online is taking away your time from exercising those calories off. The obesity level in @LOCATION1 is increasing, probable cause being over-usage of computers. being outside is another thing missing from our lives because of computers we aren't experiencing the beautiful nature life our @ORGANIZATION1 has to offer, online activity is hurting our health, and making us not enjoy our outdoor life. In conclusion, being online too often is abusing our social, health, and taking up too much of our lives. Using the internet is good for adults so they can pay taxes, work at home, and do many other beneficial things for them and their families. But for other, less useful sites are being used to interact. Why not just call or meet up with person, instead of using the computers?"