"Do you love technology? More and more people in this world are using so much technology and especialy computers. But not everyone agrees that this benefit society. But I do. Because it can glue people the ability to learn about anything they want to learn. Then it can give a better communication to others that lives farther away from you. My last reason is this technology can be a good way of protecting this country. Now I agree that computers can be useful man made sorce. When I was about @NUM1 years old I loved to play on the computer I thought that this was just a game. But my dad told me that do not abuce the computer, use it for education. I found out that theres so many things to teech about just a click of a botton. Now you can use this technology as a tool not a game. You might not want to go to the library to find a book you can just look it up in the computer. People love to talk to others, to meat new people or just comunicate to others who live in a other country. One of the best ways are on the computer. I am @NUM2 years old and I have alot of friends that chat on the computer, and I am one of them. My family members live in @LOCATION1, and I just can't catch, a plane every day to go visit them. So I just go on the computer and talk to them it's one of the fastest ways and fun ways to. The @ORGANIZATION1 has one of the strongest @ORGANIZATION2 and @ORGANIZATION3 in the world. You would not believe the technology they have and how they use them. One of the best things they have is the ""@PERSON1."" @CAPS1 a plane drivin by a remote control. It's just like a fighter plane but without a pilot! The person controling it can relax in bace wile the @PERSON1 does all the work now come and join me to say that computers are useful in this world! From the reasons above, I state that computers are useful because they give people the ability to learn about anything they want. It gives' a way to comunicate. Last @CAPS1 a good way to protect this country. Technology is growing faster by the minute and strogger. So take my word ""don't abuse it, use it."""