"To whom it @MONTH1 concern: I think computers have a great effect on people. Computers are useful for homework, it allows you to keep in touch with out of state family, you can also look up direction and information to a place. Computers are good for last minute situations. Computers are very useful for homework because when you type a report it looks more professial. While you type a report you can also research on your project at the same time. In some cases there are people who write very slappy to a paint where he or she cannot read his own writing nor can a teacher. A sloppy writer can use the computer to make his or her paper neat. If a child or parent cannot go to the library for some reason they can use their computer at home. If you are a parent at home busy with kids and need to do work; there's no need to go anywhere stay home and use your computer. If a child is absent from school you can go to the school's website and find out the homework. Do you have out of state family you wish to talk to? If so wouldn't you want to be a able to talk to them without a expensive phonebill? A majority of people would say yes. Using the computer to keep touch with family is not so expensive at all! Some examples are aim, emails, and other networks and they don't cast money at all its free. When there's a day you have nothing to do, don't you just want to go somewhere for fun? Don't you want to do something just to get out of the house? Well if there's a last minute decision or situation the computers there to help. Before you go somewhere and you want know a little more go on the computers. Not only will you get information on the place you can also get directions. Now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored. In conclusion, computers do have a great effect on people. It can be useful to both adults and children. Teachers can calculate students averages easier and faster and children can do their homework efficiently. You can also keep in touch with friends. Overall computers are useful."