"Dear @CAPS1, I dont think that computers are something that people should be using @NUM1. Computers have something to them where somehow the become addictive. From the people who are gaining weight every day because the sit on the computer and chat all day. Then there are those terrible people on the internet who disguise themselfs so they look like a @NUM2 year old boy when there really a year old man. Lastly, people now a days are using the computer as a sorce of reading instead of books. I just think that computers are ruining the life of many people. For starters, most people today are becoming overweight because they either wacth to much @CAPS2, or they sit on the computer and eat all day. Once you start with the computer you'll never stop. Especially if your multi-tasking where you eat and use the computer. The big problem is people think it's better to be sitting home than out enjoying nature exercising! It really isn't good that people dont get of the computer and start enjoying life. Next not everyone online is who they say they are who make false accounts on like @CAPS3 or @CAPS4. There can be men who say there and really be @NUM3. With all the posting of pictures someone you with it. Just remember to be careful! Lastly, people in todays day in age use the computer to read books instead of going to the library or @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 (or any book store). I think that all those bookstores are going to run out of business because of the technology now a days. When I was younger and I said that I was going to read a book, I was really reading one. I wasn't reading it on the computer. People need to cut down on the electronics. In the end I think that computers are a real waste of time. There is no reason why people should be on the computer instead of exercise. Everyone needs to stay away from the bad people online. Also can we please start using normal books instead of online ones. I think computers need to stop taking over our world and start just being there when we need them."