"Computers are an amazing technology to life. It'@CAPS1 amazing because the computer helps lots of people and jobs. The people it helps are kids in school to look up an area they need to find for a question on a worksheet. Also the jobs it helps us the police, @CAPS1.W.A.T and the @ORGANIZATION1. It helps the police and @CAPS1.W.A.T to find where people are and where they'll be. The @ORGANIZATION1 uses computers to locate where they will attack or defend. if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't of found @CAPS3 @CAPS4. The bad thing about computers are hackers and people that wont get off their computers. They are obssesed with the computer and they are so obssesed they sleep with the computer. That'@CAPS1 the parents fault. Those are the only bad things about computers. They get people fat an lazy because they only want to be on the computer. The computer also has good ways to reconnect with family and friends over the years you haven't seen them. The computer controlls lots of things like the nuclear bomb, security, secret-files, satalites, all of @CAPS5.A.@CAPS1.A. and more. They control life in the major part. People shouldn't be concerned about kids that sit there next to a computer all day because it'@CAPS1 the person'@CAPS1 fault, they ruined their lifes and the parent'@CAPS1 fault manly for not controlling their kid with staying away from the computer or the parents not signing them up for any sport. It ruines their life by having no friends at school an all they do is go straight for the computer. It'@CAPS1 an ashame to the father that use to be the cool kid, make fun of the nerds and get into fights every month. Then the father looks at his son an relises his son is a nerd and lives by a computer, then the father tryes to help the son and somewhat works out. Then the father keeps trying, thats good parenting to try to step it right when the child starts to go straight to the computer. Not the other parents that let their son/daughter only use the computer. Those are my opinions on computers of the good an bad ideas."