"My opinion is that the more that we stay on the computer. The more we get lazy. One reason that I say this is because, a computer is a big handy person in reality. Second reason is, people stay in the house sitting down on the computer other than exercising. The third reason is, people just sit in the house, and an't enjoy fresh air with their loved ones. First, the reason why I say a computer is a big handy person because it does most of the things a human can do. That can lead a person to being very lazy. Just too sit in the house and go to websites. It has a big effect on a humans life. The computer technology have contecll over a huge population of recae. It really make miss out on half of their day. Second, people stay in the house on the computer other than exercising. It's very unhealthy for a person to sit down at a computer all day. The person has to eat so, basicly they eat and sit back down at the computer. It can get out hand because the computer allows people to grace food online. So that right there is an example of people not getting ecersise, and being lazy. You need to get your ecersise dayly. So people that doesnt get their ecersise need to start. Instead of sitting down on the computer all day. Third, many people over whole world have a lot of love one's that they care about and love. ""But"" they dnt get time to be with them, because they are always on the computer. The computer shouldn't take you away from you outdoor life. Okay, so what you can talk fo your friend and family over the computer. It's never like seeing them in person. Go outside and have fun and happy memories with your family. Because the computer is just words being texted. It's nothing like being said. I garrented you that. If you spend time with youre family then you will want to do it again. While your going out excersise and be interacting. In conclusion, if you are allways on the compute that's not good. Just take a few hours out of the day and ecersise. Go out and have a marvelous day. Because the computer doesn't do nothing but make you lazirer (@CAPS1 YOU). If your allways on the computer just be sure that you get your ecersise and your time with your family. It will make your a better person!"