"Dear @PERSON1 editor, I think that the computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positive. For example, when people get home from work or school, they immedlatly go on the computer, to check email, do work, or to play games. I think that it's good to connect with friends and learn about the far away nature and people that we cant see, but too much of it will be bad. I know it will be bad because it can cause a lack of exercise and the computer can cut you off from your family and friends if you're on it too much, I think it's good to go on the computer for a limited amount of time each day, but also spend time outside with family and friends. The computer is good because of all the extrodinary things it offers and the things you can learn. I myself like to play video games on it like bubble spinner but at the same time I'll be on facebook, facebook lets me connect with friends and family while bubble spinner helps with hand-eye coordination, when projects came along I usually do all my research there, picking up information on each site. I also do all the writing on it too so it wont look messy but instead, clean and neat. The computer also offers video of pretty much anything on t.v. and otherwise, like youtube or google videos. The computer lets me see nature, talk to friends and family, and lets me see things, like videos, that twill never ever see in books. These show that the computer has a bigger positive impact than negative and we should take advantage of the new technology that we have and not let it go to waste. The computer is a nice outlit to come home and let yourself unwind to. People say that you don't get enough exercise but we have gym and recess at school and we become exhausted at work, which is enough exercise for the day. Computers are a nice device to have and are by far, used daily by almost everyone. So it can't be all that bad by depriving you from nature and family because it lets you see it anyway. The effects it has on people are good because of the knowledge and communication it brings. I hope you see my point of view."