"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 do you think is the best technology made so far? Computer! They are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer. My friends say computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the best technology because the internet can help a lot @ORGANIZATION1 things like if you have research paper. Research has proven that computers are a positive effect on people. My mom says computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the most hardiest tools in the world. @PERCENT1 @ORGANIZATION1 my friends say that computers are one @ORGANIZATION1 the best because you can get help from the internet on homework assignments. They say that for people to talk online with other people. They said that they can interact with family members who live far away. They also said that on being on the computer has taking more teens @ORGANIZATION1 the streets and in their homes. Dr. @ORGANIZATION1 has done extensive research and has proven that being on the computer teaches you hand-eye cordination. Another thing he has proven is since computers has been invented the violence rate has gone down because more people spend time at home on their computers rather than out on the streets. He also proven that since people have started schools the success in school grades has gone way up. He thinks they have gone up because, instead @ORGANIZATION1 students reading long boring article on someone or something they can just search it on the internet. He said using the internet also saves more time. My mother syas when she was younger the computer gave her the ability to learn about far away places. My mother said that the internet would also let you learn about people customs rather than reading books because some books have not yet been upgraded and you would want to learn about their newest customs also. My mom thinks that using computer is a posotive effect on the world. @CAPS1 you are doing a fine job at writing at your job. My friends say computers are helpful, research has proven that computers have dropped the percentage at violence down, my also thinks that the computers is a posotive effect on us. I know you will agree with me when I say that having computers has put a powerful effect on people it gives people an easier time in life."