"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 you know what computers are doing to the people of the @LOCATION1? Well I @CAPS2. People are on the @NUM1. We need to @CAPS2 something about these computers. They are preventing people from exercising, going outside, are are just making them stay in there house all day. One reason I think we should get rid of computers is because people aren't getting there exercise. the computer, next to the @LOCATION2, is probably the number one thing that makes people fat. Kids are sometimes on the computer all day eating snacks and junkfood when they should be eating healthy fruits and vegetables. You could. Almost @CAPS2 anything on the computer that you @CAPS2 in your everyday life, that's how good technology is. The computer is the thing that gets people addicted to something. The computer has games, internet, and ways to talk to people that get then attached. A second reason is that computers just keep taking money out of your pocket. When you buy a computer most people just buy the most expensive one, because the salesman talks then into it. Most people don't know what kind of computer they are supposed to buy, so they buy the most expensive one because they think the more, the better. Also just buying the computer isn't all of it. When you download softwares, games, and moble things that all cost money. Downloading one thing can cost up to one hundred dollors. plus, most people can't afford these downloads after buying themselves a pricy computer. My third opinion is that the computer is just a complete waist of time. People spand hours on the computer doing stupid stuff, like playing games and talking to the, when they should all be outside enjoying the fresh air. Going outside is very important to your health. Next time your on the computer doing something that doesn't need to be done, go outside. Think about it, hour often @CAPS2 you go outside? My guess, not much. Now @CAPS2 you know what computers are doing to the people of the @LOCATION1? They are making people fat, not getting there exercise, eating junk food and play games all day long on this stupid piece of technology. Instead of being on the computer all day why don't you think about going air you need. Also you don't want to be waisting all of your hardworked money on a stupid piece of technology. Plus, you don't want to deal with softwares and there viruses. My advice, computers are terrible."