"Dear Newspaper, Some people are asking others about the effects computers have on other people. Some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. But my opinion is that the comuter is great and it does not keep people away from other activitys. First, the computer does not keep people away from other activitys because, there are @NUM1 hours in a day, and it's that persons folt if they don't get off the computer, and go do other activitys. Even though the computer has lots of things, and it is very interesting. people. Should still have the common since to get off nad go do other things, so I think it's there fult if they don't get off the computer. Also there are a lot of reasns that people don't get out and do other activitys, so why just stop computers. Secondly, the computer does not keep people away from other activitys, because there are lots of destration that keep people away from other activitys, so why blame computers. For example the television keeps people from doing other activitys, but their not talking about stop that. Also the computer teaches you about a lot of thngs, an can so you a lot of things that you don't know about and is trying to find out. For example your family's history, you could go look that up on the computer. Lastly, the computer does not keep people away from other activitys, because if people were really worried about there other activitys then they would get off the computer and go do what they had to do. For example if they had to go to the gym then they should get off the computer, and go to the gym because the computer does not make you fat, you make yourself fat, so the should be resonable enough to go to the gym, and not be on the computer all day. Also if you were going to spend time with your family the how could the computer stop you from doing that, you should already know what you need to do and I don't think the computer would make you forget things like that. So it would be the person's fult if they forget not the computers. To rap this up, computers does not keep people away from other activitys, because it's there responablity to remeber what they need to do not the computers and there are lots more destrations then computers, but it's still not computer's falty it your's."