"Dear Local Newspaper, I agree with the concerned experts, im sure many others agree also. I bet you that if you keep reading it would be understandable, why I agree. First of all, too many people spend to much time talking with friends online. I think that once you start talking with them online, finish up the conversation face to face or by telephone. Talking online is a great way to connect with friends and people you haven't seen in a long time, but too much of that can start problems. For example rumors. In my opinion when friends get to excited online they decide to start rumors about other people and it ends up being sent to almost everybody. Another example is online arguing which can lead up to many problems like fighting when you get back to school. How would you feel if you turned on your computer and find out that someone has been talking about you or that someone is trying to start a fight with you? I'm positive that you would not enjoy it and your feeling might be hurt. Next reason is, being on the computer too much can effect most peoples grades. Many people are going home and turning on their computer instead of doing their homework or studying. There are many people who go to my school and their grades have declined because of online usage. Pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year. For example, picture yourself as a parent and getting your child's report card and find out they have all @CAPS1's or mostly @CAPS2's. You wouldn't like that either. Lastly, computers have cause another problem called bullying. Too many children are being bullied online and they are being hurt. Those children who are being the bullies are enjoying it while the children who are getting bullied are sad. Thinking that nobody cares about them. Bullying has caused death or many other problems. Imagine, being someone, getting bullied and your feelings are really hurt, you dont talk to an adult or a parent all you end up doing is killing yourself. Picture how many parents are upset and how yours would be too to find that their child has been bullied to death, it really hurts them. And i'm sure if you were one of those parents you wont be too happy. In conclusion, being online too much has an effect on everybody and"