"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper I'm writing a letter to you about how I feel about the effects that computers have on people. One of my reasons is that people that spend to much time on the computers they are litting their lifes pass by them. But the people that work on computers all day is a different thing. My second reason is that people could be on the computers and still interact with their family because they live with each other. My last reason is why do people want to be on computers all day. I'm not talking about the people that work on computer. My last reason is that the people that is spending all their time on the computer they are letting their lifes pass by there. The reason I say this is because if you are on the computer @NUM1 your life is passing by you. Because you are not doing nothing, just sitting in a chair in the computer getting fat. Also if you are going to be on the computer at least they to find a job on the computer. But I'm not talking about the people that work in computer all day long, because they have to do it. Its their job to. Thats one of my reasons. My second reason is that the people this me in the computer they still interact with their family. The reasons I say this is because you could be on the computer and will interact with my family because you live it the same huge as them, two when you are not in the computer you could be with your family and spend time with them. That's why i said that you still could interact with your family even you see on the computer. The last and final reason is do people to spend most of their lifes on the computer. The person I like this because type of person would spend most of their life on the computer and don't go find a job go enjoy their life. Also if you got kids you have fun with your children and make them believe that they parents that was to them, that, they had fun with them, and that they had somebody that they could look up too. So don't spend your life time on the computer geting fat, not spending time with their children and make something yourselfs. But I'm not talking about the people that workon computers. I'm talking about the people that don't work on computers. Thats why I said don't let youre life pass by you. i hope you liked the prompt and that you wont spend a lot of your life in the computer doing nothing just getting fat and letting your life pass you. I'll report myself again I'm not talking about the people that have to work in the computer. I'm talking about the people that don't work in computers."