"The computer is a good way to contact family and friend. People send messages all over the world or just to fon. People like playing video games or be on websites that they like. People all over the world by laptops to travel to one place to another. Everybody don't be on computer because they think its not go to have but some people do like to have one to be sending messages to hang out with one another or be talking about how was your day. Many people want computer because they do have enough money to @CAPS2 one. Some computers cost a lot @MONEY1 money like, @MONEY3, or @MONEY2 and even more than @MONEY3, or @MONEY2 it depend witch one they get. Around the world many people sell their computers to get money to @CAPS2 different stuff like, shoes, clothes or games. They always sell stuff on ebay to get less or more money, instead they can't take the computer back to get your money or to get a new computer. People want the classic computers, but now they come out with new ones like, touch screen ones. Many people been buying them at @CAPS1 @CAPS2 or @ORGANIZATION1. Every seens the new computers came out people been buying a lot the company been making a lot @MONEY1 money from making the touch screen computers. Every new year the company make new computers so they can get thousands or @MONEY1. Company all over world make different computers to bring out new styles so people can like them and @CAPS2 them. New styles they make more money they make. Some people make their own companies to get money like the other companys get theirs, but some @MONEY1 the money you make some goes to the government. The money the give to the government is to take care @MONEY1 the homeless people. Computers are used from leaning or for fun. People share computers with other people they can't not share it because it wouldn't be fair. Some people take turne using it. Some people don't like taking turn with one another. Everybody share or have they own and they use it or not they can't force their server to it if somebody wants to net on it. Some people lie and say they were geting on it. People like joking around with others. Parents always say a computer is not a tag to play with computers cost a lot to repair and get it fixed all the people spill water on them a the computer mess up and the people be mad and maybe he/she just got a new computer. When computer first came out people bought them to see what they will be like. Many people liked them and it got all over the world and people were talking about them and the company made more and more until it got in stores all over the world. The computer got famase and the company made newer styles for everyone else. People bought a lot @MONEY1 computers everytime they come out with a new style. Many people had @NUM1, or @NUM2 at home as they @CAPS2 them. Companys made other company mad because the other companys were making better styles. People were ordering online to get new computers. And company how make them is making a lot @MONEY1 money. Company stopped making them until they came up with a new computer that is the @CAPS1 one ever. When they came up with one the company was mad that they mad a better one. Some company joined to make one together."