"Dear Local Newspaper: Are computers possitively affecting society? As technology advances, humans are relying on them more and more; most people use them daily. I believe computers effect people possitively because they help write papers, are a social tool, and are a big help with research. After reading this letter there will be no doubt that computers have a possitive effect on people in society. My first reason why computers have a possitive effect on people is they help with writing papers. Whether it is writing a resume, a science report, or a spreadsheet, none of these are ever seen nowadays done by hand. Everyone expects to see the flawlessly inked letters on the printer paper in whatever piece of writing it is. This helps the people writing the paper because writing takes many drafts to get the piece perfect; it is a pain to write each draft by hand. In additio, it is easier to read someone's writing @CAPS1 its typed, especially @CAPS1 the writer has hand writing. However, computers help in more than just writing papers. My second reason why computers passitively effect people is by being a social tool. Many websites online these days have social networks such as youtube, facebook, twitter, and myspace. In the listed websites above and many others as well, people can meet other people through other friends and games. The nice thing about meeting them online is that you don't have to plan a time to meet the person, @CAPS1 you are both online you guys can begin chatting. The chatting also helps @CAPS1 people have long-distance relationships, whether friends, mates, or family. Online chatting help people stay in-touch with someone they might not see everyday. That is a big help with everyone's social life, keeping then us ""the "" @CAPS2, online sites like eharmony or match.com take people with little time to worry about love and match them with their perfect mate. This also helps people who are shy get married and start a family. This helps people live happier lives, another possitive effect. Finally, computers possitively effect people by making research much easier. My dad always says ""You kids got it easy. @CAPS1 I was growing up, we'd to go to the library and spend hours researching before we could write our papers."" @CAPS3, its simple. Using the internet and a search engine, all you have to do is type a topic and you can get all the latest articles in just seconds. Libraries might not have the most recent books, or someone might've checked out your topic's book. Then what can you do? The internet is also an extremely useful help @CAPS1 the research topic is very specific, if its a certain becteria or species that a book @MONTH1 only briefly mention. The internet has a much broader range of articles, so it is much easier to find information for any topic. With research, taking less time to understand, people can spend more time enjoying the day, like playing outside, than in the library stressing because they cannot find a book on their topic. This is a strong reason why computers should not be seen as a negative effect on society. To conclude, computers have a possitive effect on society, because they help write papers, they are a social tool, and are a big help with research. Where would we be if we had to handwrite everything? Think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites. What about how hours of research are @CAPS3 two clicks away? Computers have changed our lives for the better, and we should appreciate all the do for us."