"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 a world without computers. I picture it as a better place. Why wouldn't you want to make the world better. Computers @MONTH1 be helpful for work and business but young children are losing time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends. What do you prefer having computers or no? In my opinion people would be better off without them. Lack of exercise is brought up countless times in society. Computers is one factor to blame with the @LOCATION1 already being one of the most obese countries in the world who would want to add on to this cotastrofy. If the number of computers used in each household increase the amount of obese people in @LOCATION2 will as well. If computers take away exercise than health issues will more often and at a younger age. Dr. @PERSON1 says ""if kids are spending more of their free time on the computer rather than increasing the risk of diabetes will increase for them"" @CAPS3 it also a possible result in less exercise. Older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack. It is said that five out of six people could have stopped a heart attack just from taking same time out of their day to go to the gym or take a walk. No one should lose exercise over playing virtual games and instant messaging on the internet. Less people get a chance to enjoy nature when they are on the computer all day. If more people cared for nature then global warming would not be an issue. In my opinion the citizens of @LOCATION2 would want to keep it more clean and be more about their. more people cared about nature and enjoyed it wildlife would be taken away from animals. People would put an end to what some people and companies are doing to nature. Lastly when your on your computer all day you don't realize what nature has to offer fresh air and animals. Or endless canyons needs to enjoy nature more, computer should not be in their way. Wouldn't most people that their relationships with family members and friends could be a lot stronger if they interacted and spent time with them instead of with their computer. @CAPS2 how much a dinner conversation and family party could improve if people were closer with their family. Plus people need family. Your computer can't get you through the emotional pain if losing a loved one. @PERCENT1 of people can get through difficult and stressful times with family. Last but not least your social life could improve if people werent on the computer all day. Not interacting with people could turn you antisocial and not fun to be around. No one wants to be that way. Also your computer might not be working all the time, but your family and friends always will be there. The world would be better off without computers. I think everyone that sits in their room on the computer could change their exercise, enjoy for nature, also family and friend relationships by getting off it and do things that they will actually benifit from. There is no need for a computer in your life, but don't speak for everyone. The question then is do we stop using computers or do we turn them off for good."