"Dear @ORGANIZATION2, Computers are destroying modern youth. The rapid advancement in technology is not a positive thing. The popular social networks such as facebook and twitter are putting youth at danger of @CAPS1-@CAPS2 and child predators. Children are also becoming addicted to computers and are paying the price physically. Although we are becoming a smarter species, we are destroying the ones who will soon lead the world. This crazy computing must end! Although children are able to socialize using the computer, they are at danger of being hurt physically and emotionally. ""I really tried to ignore all of the cruel comments people were posting about me. I tried as hard as I could, but everytime I logged unto facebook and looked at what people said about me, I died inside. I almost had no desire to live."" That quote was said by @PERSON1, a former student of @ORGANIZATION1. He is as victim of @CAPS1-@CAPS2. Thousands of students just like @PERSON1 are being pestered just as bad, and if not worse. The social networks that modern technology promotes harvest cases like @PERSON1's. If this rapid increase in technology continues then we will see many more cases such as that one. In the past year, @NUM1 @CAPS1-bully victim have committed suicide. Those are @NUM1 lives that could have been saved; @NUM1 families that could still be together. This computer madness is losing lives, we cannot allow this to continue. Not only are computers causing emotional danger, but also physical. The average teenager spends between one to four hours on the computer - making the one hour of exercise seem miniscule. The large number of obese children is in large part caused by computers. The many features of computers, such as instant messaging, music playing, and games, draw kids in - making them spen time they could use exercising, in front of a computer. Statistics show that the average obese child spends @PERCENT1 their free time on a computer. The time they spend exercising and playing makes up only five percent of their day. In @DATE1, children spent @PERCENT2 of their day in front of a computer and @PERCENT3 outside. Over the past @NUM4 years these numbers have headed south due to tha advance in technology. These numbers prove that computers have dictated obese children's day, making their physical condition even worse. Computers are to blame for our worlds weight issues. As I conclude this letter, I can only hope that I persuated you to make a stand and hault this technological advancement. In conclusion, computers are harvesting @CAPS1-@CAPS2 which leads to emotional discomfort. They also dictate time, and as a result, children become obese. We must take a stand and alter statistics for the better. Computers are ruining lives."