"Dear @PERSON2 ""@CAPS1, @CAPS1"" I'm sure you all have heard the sound of a mouse or people typing if you have walk into an office, our local library, a doctor's office, or even our districts schools. The reality is that computers and the world-wide-web is seem and used everywhere. Without a computer, how would @CAPS3 be able to access our emails, interact with family memmber across the ocean and finish that research paper out teacher has assigned us? In my opinion, computers hace a phenomenal affect on people and their lives. The computer helps develope hand-eye coordination, learn about specifil subjects and interact with people on the computer. Therefore, with such positive affects, @CAPS3 should keep using this wonderful technology and get our jobs done. Have you ever walked into your schools lab or walked into a office building and all you could hear was the clicking of mouses or the buttons being pressed down on the keyboard? Well, not only is a job being completed, but you are also exercising I remember last month when my class was assigned a five page essay. After the second page, my hands hurt very badly, @CAPS4, not only was i completing my essay, I was also exercising my hands. Not only does computers allow you to exercise, it also helps develops hand-eye coordination. Have you ever played a game where you had to cath fist, or playes a fast-pasle game of pinball? Well, those games require one key thing i hand-eye coordination. Computers are very helpful in todays world. The computer and the world-wide-web is useful in several other ways too. The internet also allows you to learn about certain subject or events you might not have a book for. My bestfriend, @PERSON1, called me one day from the train. On the phone, she was frantic because she was giving a speech and she did not know what the statistic was for type @CAPS5 diabetes. What do you do when you have no book for a specific subject? @PERSON3 went on her laptop and found all the information she she dit not know. this is just another way the quick acces to a computer benefits people. ""You've got mail"" I'm sure you have all heard this before. Besides communicating through letters or on the telephone, the internet has also given us more ways for fast communication. when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmate what problems were assigned homework, what could be a fast mean of communication? Sending a instant message, or e-mail are two ways of course. Not only does computers allow you to communicate quickly but also privately. Both your e-mail account and you instant message account have passwords so that only you can access them. Every four out of five households have a computer avalable for completing assignments, checking, e-mails and learning about the, that happend in @LOCATION1 last week. The computer has put a positive affect on numerous people and their everyday need. In my opinion, the computer has been one of the best technologies in history. This amazing technology has helped students, teachers, doctors, police officers and even you bank aggents serve our community and make it a better one. Thank-you."