"You say that computers are bad on todays society? @CAPS1 I'm here to prove you wrong and tell you that they can actually benefit todays society. Maybe some kids don't have phones, so they can go log onto facebook and do everything a phone has to offer and more. School. School. School; so many homework assignments and projects are assigned, and using computer programs help alot and give that proffesional touch. And how coud you forget 'google' the most famous online system, that everyone loves you can do just about anything with that page. So computers bad for society, think again and listen closely. blc computers have just benifited us more than ever. www.facebook.com, that is one of the most visited pages on the internet for all different ages, it deffinetly benefits you. Logging on and seeing your friends profile's newest updates on pictures, videos and life, you get every little detail using facebook. And I you don't have a phone, no. wornes, facebook has a chat system, so you and friends and relatives can talk, or maybe theirs a family party comingup you can get inboxed on all the information, and visit the relatives homepage and see how theyve been doing. @CAPS3 you haven't logged into facebook yet, you deffinetly will now! ""This project will be done on the computer,"" how many times do you hear a teacher says that, almost everytime youre given an assignement! @CAPS1 windows and @ORGANIZATION1 programs will really benefit you in your need for school help. Lets say you've been assigned a project to create a product commerical in computer class, you can hop right onto windows movie maker and get all the help you need, and you'll have the ability to create you project right on the program so it looks and sounds professional. One program you can always use throughout life for presentation is 'power ', In my history class we were assigned a famous person from the @DATE1's and were to do a presentation; @CAPS1 when I got my assignment I went right to powerpoint and got a great grade! lastly the known, @ORGANIZATION1 word! used for all kinds of projects or homeworks and espically writing papers or short stories, having spell check, youre garenteed a good grade! Google! Everyone knows it and everyone loves it. This web hit canbe used for just about anything. From searching pictures and information for a school projects, watching videos of songs, friends, or tv shows that you love or wonna check up on. to looking at websites. Some say the @CAPS2 holds people from exersising, but google can shows you videos of special work outs or websites on healthy eating or an on exercise group or fitness club, so now you see the internet benefits us tremendously! ""Have you change your mind? have you listened closely?"" @CAPS3 so your life just become a whole lot easier, by using facebook, for social ability, @ORGANIZATION1 and windows programs for school, and google for life and health, you have just benefitted from my writing and from using modern technology, the computer!"