"Being a teen myself, my computer is something I don't think I would be able to live without. But is it holding me back from more important things? I think so. I feel that not having computers will in a way educate people more so than now. For example with school research papers we imediatly go to the computers in order to find information when we could be using books and magazeens. With having the use of computers many people don't properly know how to use and find information in books. Also being around computers and using them so much is pulling families further apart and stopping humans from being more interactive with nature and the environment. For many people using a computer is a life style, it's something we tend to use more than religiously and that @MONTH1 not be the best thing. Children, teens and even adults get extremly addicted to computers. Teens and children use laptops and @CAPS1's everyday in order to do their school work, and to talk with friends. As well as parents/adults, they use it to get their work done and use it as a easy communication with co-workers. To this very day people have become very addicted to computers. I know for certain that in my family, my mother, nor my father, nor my brother, nor I could go through a day without using a computer. As I mentioned before computers are also pulling families further apart. There is less family time and comunication between family members these days, due to computers. Insead of spending time with the family, teens prefer spending time on the computer chatting with their friends. I bet if there was a poll was taken on how much family time has been taken away in households because of computers I almost garentee it would be quite a large amount. I know the only true family time some families have without computers is dinner and that isn't much. Lastly many humans are not as connected to nature and as involved as they used to be. Using computer keeps people inside and not exposed to nature. Though there many advertisements and pop ups on the computer that inform us about how to take care of the earth properly, we so easily ignore them and remain playing on the computer than going outside and doing something to help make the world a better, clearer place. Not only is it just taking care of our earth, but it is also the fact that not many people these days go out and get the fresh air they need as much as they really should. Most likely not all of that is due to the use of computers, but I bet a great deal of it is. Like I said before it is super hard to imagine a day without a computer, I mean how would we communicate or do our work? But there are trulthfully other ways to do them that we just aren't very used to because of the fact that we are so attatched to them. I never really noticed till now that it is possible to live without a computer, and that so many people are missing increadable things such as family and nature because we are so addicted to the computers."