"Recently, there has been debate about whether or not computers benefit society. Although each side has its own reasons, computers do have a positive effect on people and on society. Computers are beneficial in several ways. With the use of computers, you have the ability to research and learn about foreign and local places you are able to communicate with others and the help people complete everyday tasks. At one point in everyone's lives, you need to know about local or even foreign places. It is completely unrealistic for someone to travel to every place they need to know about. This is where computers come in. Over the internet, you can research everything from the main staple of the diet in @LOCATION3 all the way to the day the new year in @LOCATION1. You learn about things in the comfort of your home, or of your home town. I rember once in @NUM1 grade I had to do a research project on @LOCATION2. By going on the computer, I learned all I needed to know and they some. The project was a breeze, and I got a perfect score. Also, you can learn about local upcoming events, and about the world around you. During childhood, every kid has many questions, some their parents might not be able to answer. Using the computer is a quick and easy way to get these answers. Computers help educate the minds of people and without them, we might not know anything. Communicating with people on the other side of the world is difficult. Mailing a letter could take weeks to reach the recipiant. Computers provide us with a imediate method of communicating with others whether they are local or far away. Last year, my uncle moved to @LOCATION3 for work. I never got to see him.We communicated with each other over computers, and when he came home for christmas, we were as close to each other as we were before he work. Computers kept our relationship healthy and I do not think it would have been that way without them. Scientists say that about @PERCENT1 of all @CAPS1 have communicated with someone at least once through computers. They also say that @PERCENT2 of these people regurally use this method of communicating. Although we still use phones and ""shall mail"", I do not believe that our society would be able to function socially without the availiable use of computers. Everyday, computers are helping people get through their days with minimal problems. People get things done quicker, giving people more time to do what matters most, interacting with their families. Without computers, everyday business would take about twice as long leaving less time for the fun things in life. @PERSON1, my neighboor, said ""@CAPS2 and banking are so time consuming. I do not know that I would be able to handle it without the ability to do my banking online."" In addition to takes and hancing, computers help with everything from shopping to woking for the perfect phone company to use for your new business. Having the ability to shop and browse online takes away ariving, walking and checkout line time letting you relax and take your time throughout the rest of your day. Typing also gives you hand-eye coordination without it, you wouldn't be able to do everyday things such as opening the door to playing sports outside with your children using computers helps people get through their lives easier and more efficiently, I could not even imagine life without them. Computers benefit the people of society in every possible way. By helping them obtain knowleage, purifying and strengthening relationships through constant communication ability, and helping make their everyday lives easier, they have a purely positive effect on people everywhere. Computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society."