"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @CAPS4 having everything known to man at your fingertips. @CAPS4 having an endless source of information in your own home. Wouldnt you want all of this all the time? The question then is, do computers have positive effects on people? I strongly believe computers do benefit society. Firstly, computers teach you hand-eye coordination. The main way is by typing. When you type, you start of looking at the keys but eventually you memorize all the locations of the keys. Also, computer games teach hand-eye coordination. If you weren't looking at the screen, would it be possible to win the game? When computers teach you hand-eye coordination, you can use it for other things too. For example, you definitely need it in sports or more. Specifically, baseball. If you didn't have good hand-eye coordination, you wouldn't be able to catch the ball or be able to hit the ball when you swing. Hand-eye coordination very important. Secondly, computers give people the ability to form about places and people. When people are deciding when to get vacation, they go in the internet. What there is in do. Why would you travel in a place is you back. Many use the internet in research other countries. When the eight grade did reports their information. Eighty seven percent the internet. Finally; some people say computers take away from interaction with family and friends, but computers actually allow you to tell with other family and friends around the world. Wouldn't it be wonderful to with your loved ones in a different state of country? The main way of online communication is @CAPS5-mail or @CAPS6 @CAPS7. These allow you to send someone a message faster and easier. It is much easier in remember someone @CAPS5-mail address than it is a phone settle for just talking, when you can actually see the person? It would be like them being in the room with you. Computers are a great way to talk to someone. Why wait any longer? Computers are a great way to refine your hand-eye coordination skills. You can research Faraway people and places to see what life is like around the globe. Most importantly, you can communicate with family and friends online through @CAPS8, @CAPS5-mail, or @CAPS10. Definitely, computers benefit society. So go and share this information with other people to convince them that computers are positive."