"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people think that computers are used too much, and are helping people become over weight, and even obese. This is maybe true, but computers also teach hand eye coordination, give people the oppertunity to learn about far away places, and people can even coordinate on them! Over all I think computers effect people in a positive way, and these are some reasons why. Computers help teach hand eye coordination. I know your probably thinking “huh? How do computers do that? All your doing is staring at a screen.” But to your dismay computers do teach hand eye coordination. It does this because while playing games, people watch the screen, and click with their hands. They don’t just stare at the mouse while they play these games. By doing so, it teaches hand eye coordination. Scientist have provine that people who own a computer and use it at least @NUM1 hours a week, have better coordination that people who don’t own a computer by @PERCENT1! Just that statistic alone speaks a thousand words alone. Hand-eye coordination is a thing. It helps you play better in sports like baseball, and not only that but it helps future jobs. As you can tell, @CAPS1, without computers out hand eye coordination. People think that computers are only used for games, but in reality, they teach us @CAPS2 things about the world. Without computers people would know about nearly anything that’s going in other countries. For example, the other day, my mom was checking her email and came access the stay of a young, starving. That are story changer her anyday life because takes food for granted. Without computer my mom would have more in other countries. Because we live in the @CAPS4.S what’s going on in other countries. Are less fortanite, but computer help remind and teach us what’s going in the world everyday. One of the main advantages about computers is they allow people to communicate through them. Even my grandmother said the, without computers, I wouldn’t be as close to you as I am today. “@CAPS5 and my grandmother use the website skype.com. This websit allows you to not only talk to the other person, but to see them too! Because of site like these. I’m allowed to stay in contact, and be able to see my grandmother who lives faraway. Without computers this wouldn’t be possible. Not only do computers let you talk to people far away, but people close too. I often find myself asking friends over the computer, what the homework is, or whens the next test, etc. Computers make it easier to connect to people near and far. In conclusion, computers help in all different ways. The world would be upside down without them. They give people the ability to learn about far away places and people, teach hand eye coordination, and allow people to communicate with each other. Computers have @CAPS2 flaws, but they also have so @CAPS2 positive effects too that I think they shine over all the tiny flaws. Thank you"