"To whom it @MONTH1 concern, @CAPS1. My name is @PERSON1. I have written in response to the letter sent to me on the topic of electronics. Computers, to be percise. To me, computers are helpful, yet extremely vile. These chunks of metal are expensive, unhealthy and degrading human learning capabilities. Computers have too many negaive features for me to cope with. Dell, @ORGANIZATION1, and so many other computer companies sell computers at ridiculously expensive prices. You buy one on sale and when you need your computer, @CAPS2!, malfunctions and problems assalt you. Now you have to call a repair man who will charge you even more money! Did you really spend your hard earned cash on a faulty hunk of trash? This is ridiculous. I went onto my computer yesterday and what do you think happened? It crashed! My six hundred dollar computer crashed! Computers are too expensive to have to keep. When I get rid of mine, I'm not getting another. Have you ever sat at your computer so long your eyes watered? Horrible to endure, that's not the only problem your computer can cause. Your health is at stake! When you sit at your computer working or playing instead of going out for a jog or exercise, your health degrades. Gaining weight, pink eye from staring at the screen, do I have to go on!? The very computer you @MONTH1 love can harm you. I say, get rid of that computer. Visit friends, family and aquaintances. Be active and stay healthy. Not for me, but for you. The next point I am about to say @MONTH1 shock, surprise, or scare you. Your computer is making you stupid. I can't say it nicely. Don't call me rude because it's true. I'll give you an example. A student receives a classic home work assignment. Define these three or four words. Easy right? Wrong, I'm afraid @NUM1 out of @NUM2 kids surveyed go home and use computers to retrieve the answers to homework. What if your child is cheating? What will happen to then? They could drop out of school early and live their lives as people who can't learn for themselves. Is that the world we want for kids? No! We should destroy the computers. Thank you for reading my paper. It was a pleasure as always to write to you. Have a nice day."