"Dear Newspaper, I read an article in the paper @DATE1 debating whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people. Even though, I love my computer, I know that computers can have a bad effect on people. Computers can cause people to have a lack of exercise, lack of family and friend time, and lack of enjoying nature. Although, computers can help people in so many ways, they can also make things worse for people. In @LOCATION1 the obesity rate has reached an all time high of @PERCENT1. A computer is a non active activity, so if you do use it you get no exersise. One time I played on the computer for two whole hours and gained two pounds. Your health is also very important. When you become overweight you get the risk of diabettes, high colestral, heart failure, liver failure, and more. My uncle is overweight and was just diagnosed with diabettes and now he regrets all the time he gave to his computer. Lastly, people @MONTH1 say that computers create great hand-eye coordination. Computers might do that but is the hand-eye coordination ever used? No, because that person is too busy playing on the computer can you see how computers can effect your health? Eighty eight percent of @CAPS1 voted that the most important thing in their life was their family and friends. The other twelve percent said that their computer or cell phone is their most important thing in life because they cannot live without it. Not spending time with your Family and friends is an awful thing to do. When my mom lost contact with one of new friends, @CAPS2 regretted not spending so much time with them. Also, if you do not spend time with people it could lead to socializing problems. If the only thing you do is talk to people on the computer you develope speech problems. My neibor, who I have never talked too never really came out of his house he always seemed to be on his computer, and no one over. One day someone came over and they started talking outside. When I overheard a little of their conversation I could the words he had trouble saying and he did not have a good vocabulary. Lastly, you can also develope relationship problems. Not being able to see a real relationship. That is why computers can have a negative effect on not only you, but your family and friends too. In our daily lives we observe nature, and it's beauty. Spending time on the computer instead of enjoying nature is awful. For example, if I was to not go outside for a whole day, and I got to spend my time on the computer I would be miserable. Nature is a gift that should be given to everybody. Also the @CAPS3 air is good for your body. Without @CAPS3 air you would be taking in chemically changed air, which is not good for your body. Lastly, everyone reads on the internet about @CAPS4 warming but why do we not take action! If you spend your time on the computer you would not be able to help nature. I remember when I read about @CAPS4 warming on the computer. So I took action and cleaned our lakes. That is why computers have a negative effect on people. Computers can be great in so many ways but it is how much time you give to your computer that is bad.That is why computers have a negative effect on our society."