"Dear @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2 has come to my attention that several people are concerned with the technology boom and computer overuse. I can assure you that technocal upgrades only harm our people. Email and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 have only given us a decrease in our already terrible communication skills. Furthermore, we spend less and less time exercising outside because we are trapped in a technology revolution filled with inaccurate information. Why are we hurting ourselves instead of helping? @CAPS2 is very clear that our teens are growing up with no communication skills. I remember reading a persuasive essay and realizing that they used @CAPS3 @CAPS4 based language. @CAPS2 is ridiculous that we are forgetting how to use the proper grammar of the @CAPS7 language. Furthermore, I have also observed that when my friends talk they use slang terms like ""@CAPS8"" and ""@CAPS9"". I understant that computers after a faster and much easier way to communicate but we definetley can't forget the work of @CAPS10 . With the , people who should hope that they don't become a biggest loser contestant say @CAPS2, but, if they continue to mind on their then they will join the millions of obese. Americans I think that when people at their computer they tend to bring junk food with them and for! contrast to this from spending these hours with @ORGANIZATION2 instead of Exercising and let you creative wild would citizen rather pay for a computer or the vast, free, and gorgeous? Furthermore, people are wasting their important attention. A fact that over three of the information in isnt reliable therefore. Also, statistics show that nearly @PERCENT1 of students use to. These statistics also display that when students use these sites they clearly will score lower than a student who did the seemingly ""daunting"" task of looking for the reasearch in a textbook. What is so daunting about @CAPS2? Obviously, nothing is overwhelming. @CAPS2 is only pleasure when the student will get a phenomenal grade and their surronding classmates won't. Furthermore, I ask you why are people flooding their brains with unrealiable information? In conclusion, the effects computers have on people are very negative. Due to this, many people have no communication skills. They are also more likely to become less obese and if that's not enough they are hurting themselves because they are obsessed with inaccurate information. I urge people to dump @PERSON1 and @CAPS11. PC and start seeing @ORGANIZATION2 Nature! She's beautiful!"