"Dear @PERSON2, Have you ever noticed how different our society is today, even from just ten years ago? That's because of computers. Yes, it is true that computer give us advantages like messaging and information, but they also take away from some of the greater aspects of life: staying fit, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. Without those, life would be horribly unbeneficial. While surfing the web @MONTH1 be fun, it has been proven unhealthy. ""if a person was to spend more than two and a half hours on the computer every @TIME1 for about a month they would see a sudden increase in their gain. And if they kept the behavior up, they could gain up to one third their initial body weight until medical help was provided,"" say @PERSON3, a specialist in obesity at @ORGANIZATION1. Also, @PERCENT1 of all computer users snack while online, which only increases weight gain even more. Unfortunately those that spend alot of time on the computer are not usually okay with exercising either. Instead of outing down just a half an hour out of their computer time to play with the dog, take a jog, or try some aerobics, computer lovers usually just stay in front of the screen. That's too bad, because it causes health problems for them and maybe even the generations after them. Nature, is being ignored @CAPS1, more than ever. @PERSON1 can recall the time when the trails @CAPS2 runs were overrun with people. ""@CAPS1"" @CAPS2 says ""They're being overrun with woods and. Those are harder to act rid of that people."" But it's live, the trails and that to be fuller nature lovers are numbers. Because of today's new technologies, especially computers, the beauty of nature is being almost completely passed by. Some worry if it will fade entirely and instead of trying to maintain what's left, well just let it do so. Hopefully though, the next generation of people will reconize this horrible mistakes. Doctors, @CAPS3, all people alike are seeing more and more how computers affect family life. How often do you eat dinner with the whole family. When you don't, where are you most of the time? At the computer? That's what I thought. When computers and other technologies are available there is much less of a chance that you will actually interact with family and friends. mrs @PERSON4, an @NUM1 grade teacher in @LOCATION1, noticed that her family spent less time together than ever before when each family member got a laptop. @CAPS2 believes this is pulling her family apart. Do you? As you can conclude, computers have an awful influence, on society: people do not take, the time to stay fit, nature is being completely ignored, and Family interaction rates are poor. Whaat can we do to fix this problem? Just set a little time aside daily to observe these aspects of life. This way, life with computers will be beneficial after all."