"Would you like to discover new things and explore amazing mysteries around the world? Do you love to have friends overseas? Do you want to relax and do something fun after @ORGANIZATION1? Advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible @DATE1 decades @DATE1. We need to decide whether computers have positive or negative effect on people. I firmly believe computers gives society many benefits and opportunities. Who would disagree that computers are devoted to educational purposes? Computer experts have invented countless programs that make @ORGANIZATION1 easier for kids. For example, @CAPS1 helps you with essays and reports. With her program teachers wouldn't hurt their eyes trying to read sloppy hand written compositions from students @ORGANIZATION2 helps you organize and calculate, @ORGANIZATION3 gives you the @ORGANIZATION3 to create dynamic presentations. Many schools have a computer lab for students to complete their @ORGANIZATION1 tasks. @ORGANIZATION1 has also aquired convenient-sized laptops to help students do their projects and take test. That saves a lot of paper and a lot of trees! Furthermore, many colleges offer their courses online. You can obtain a college degree right at your house without going anywhere. Education has never been so easy, thanks to our advanced network and computers. It is very important to mention the entertainment benefits of computers. I have notices many teens play cool games on the net. They seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity. It in an ideal way to relax after a stressful way getting on the computer and listening to the newest songs. Some websites after downloadable songs for free so you don't need to worry about the financial part. Moreover you can watch movies online anytime, form wide section such as horror, romance, comedy, fantasy or even children films. No more movie tickets, no more driving in the theater. Without a doubt computers can put a single on everyone's face with its entertainment benefits. Many people feel that computers both kids and adults always from their social life, but actually, computers give them a chance to communicate with other people around the world. Ten @DATE1 @DATE1, who would have thought that they could chat and talk directly with same one a thousand miles @DATE1, with no mail or telephone or whats over? I came to the @LOCATION1 @DATE1. I am extremely grateful to computers because I can keep in touch with my friends and relatives. I can just send them pictures of the snowy winter sceneries here through just a minute. How much easier could it get? computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer. Let's not wait any longer. Computers have endless positive effects and should be popularizeas. They help you learn have fun and communicate with people faraway. Above and beyond all that new technology makes the earth a greener place by saving paper and trees. Don't sit here and wait educate people about the benefits of computers today."