"Dear @CAPS1: A @CAPS2. Can you believe that this tiny piece of technology is influencing our everyday life? The question upon many people is, do computers give a possitive or negative effect on people? In my opinion, although computers help with certain everyday life, I think that it gives one negative effects. I have many reasons for this belief, but the three most important are going to be stated. First of all, people are to busy on their computers that they spend less time. People are also in busy with there computers that they spend less and less time enjoying nature. Last but most importantly, people are so caught up with technology, they barely spend time with freinds and family. So, in my opinion, I think people should get technology, and the real world. Have you ever walked down the street and saw someone the size of a boulder? well it isn't a good sight is it? My point is, that can happen to you let me change that to everyone in the world. Nowadays, people are spending less and less time exercising, but instead sitting at home on the computer, or slouched on the couch with a laptop. People are ignoring their health and instead staying on the computer. I for one, know how hard it is to resist playing the computer, but you shouldn't let a tiny @CAPS2 take over your mind and now your future. Nature. The most wonderful thing in the world I say the second most wonderful to technology. Have you ever turned on the t.v. and see nature its beauty? Well you can thank and global warming for that. When people use computers they burning fuel which harms our environment. People are technology they don't care about their and surroundings. If I was a I would say, ""@CAPS3 less computers and @CAPS3 more green!"" @CAPS4..... it's luxury of having a family. Family and friends , it's most important thing. Sue to computers, many people are family and friends. For example: @CAPS5: @CAPS6 want to go ride bikes? John: @CAPS7. I want to play my computer. Kids and adults was single-handed. In my opnion family most important, unlike a piece of metal that has a screen In conclusion, I think that computers of a regular effect on people, life you people by it. People are spending less time with their health and exercising advance in technology. They are all spending less time at the park big or simply just enjoying nature's beauty. Most importantly, there is less interacting with friends and family. But, this is just my opinion, it won't mean anything if you don't agree. I consideration."