"Dear @CAPS1 of the @LOCATION1, @CAPS2, a majority of the @ORGANIZATION1 population will use any type of computer at least once a day. Our society has been around computers so often that some peole will find it hard to even live without them. Computers have become something that people depend on. This, however, is something to take as a concern. when people are dependent on computers too much, they loose valuble skills that the once possesed and they spend less time, outside exercising while also loossing touch with famly and friends. It has become near that computers have become along part of peoples lives. Computers posses the ability to do certain human tasks that seem hard for us to do. Before the computer age, it was a lot more difficult to find information on a topic or place. We used to have to use encyclopedias or find books on those topics. Sometimes we would even have to travel to a place and learn about it. Today, however, people use technology to find this information. You @MONTH1 be thinking, "" @CAPS3, how is this a bad thing?"". The reason it is a problem is because people have begun to loose the ability to use books like encylopedias and atleses or even simmple maps. Once, most of the population could use these tools to help find their way through information or a place. I know from experienc, that I can barley look at a map and find where I am. We have become too dependent on @CAPS4's and computers, which in turn makes us forget valuble information. What would happen if someone got lost and they didn't have a working @CAPS4 or signal on their phones. They would get lost and not know how to read a map. As you can see the human population has because too dependent on computers. Additionally, people all around the world have become addicted to the internet. Facebook, @CAPS6 and even @CAPS7 baseball have become an addicting activity that people consume all of their time with. When people begin to spend hte majority of their time on these websites, they will in turn get less excersise, and become more distant from family and friends. Mostly teenagers have this problem. If you took a survay of the number of students who have a facebook account or @CAPS6, you would probably get the majority. Having an account like this is said to be addicting. Students, parents and everyone in between will find troubles later on because of this. America is one of the leading nations with obesity. Has anyone stopped to think that maybe people spend too much time on these websites to get any excersise? If the internet wasn't such a big thing it is now, I bet you there would be less overweight people. but not only do people become overweight, they will end up more and more distant from family and friends. My own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it away. Once, the only way for us to really talk to her through facebook. As you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing. think of all the people who you know that spend multiple hours on the computer. You can probably thnks of quiet a few. Computers are an addicting thing that can cause less excersising and less communication which is proven to support a healthy life style. Also when people use computers too much, they loose valueble skills. Remember this next time you are someone you know sits down at a computer for a long time. You can help them."