"Dear @CAPS1, I am writing to express my opinion on computers benefit to society. I believe that computers are very useful tools for learning and communication, but people today over use that power. You know what I mean @NUM1 gamers, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 addicts. Or those who will do anything just to spend time on the computer. People like the @CAPS4 do not spend much time with family members, or friends, or even just outside. They do not get enough exercise, and frankly, abusing computers is not good for your life, physically or socially. Some people are working all day, leaving early in the morning and getting back late, so that they rarely spend time with those they love. But if you are hooked on the computer, as so many of us are, you @MONTH1 just not spend enough time with family and friends. Using a computer isn't exactly a social thing. One person with a mouse, a keyboard, and a monitor. You @MONTH1 say ""@CAPS5, but there are also online social networks."" @CAPS5, but how often do you even see those people in real life? Computers can take precious time away from you that you could be sharing with your family and friends. That certainly does not benefit society. A major fault in computers is that you have to be indoors. So you cannot be online chatting, or playing a game, or checking your email, outside while enjoying the beauty of the outdoors. Sure you could use a laptop outside but are you really enjoying the outdoors? Computers and outdoors go together like chocolate milk and fillet mignon - not well. That is the reason why pine tree's don't have outlets (although now you never know what they'll do next). Another side effect - that goes allong with the aforementioned statement about computers and outdoors - of computers is the lack of exercise. Once again, it is rather difficult to use a computer and jump rope at the same time. When you live as a computer vegetable, your not getting enough exercise as you could or would be. Another reason computers could lower your quality of life. Now, really, if you use the computer sparingly, and only when you needed to, or when it is nessecary you would really have none at these ""side effects."" But face it, the ruth is, computers can be addicting. Wether it's waiting for a friend to come online or your trying to get to level @NUM2 of ""@CAPS7 @CAPS8"", they can get you hooked. The idea of this article is not to prevent you from using computers, but to make sure you use them like you eat double fudge brownies with walnuts and cream cheese frosting-springly. So, now you know, computers when used to much, at obsesive amounts, are similar to drugs in the way that they are so addicting. As long as you use them correctly, they are a very, very valuable tool to be used, but over used, can be problem causing, and even prevent you from spending time with family and friends, getting exercise and even spending time outdoors. I know you certainly will agree."