"To the Newspaper, Computers are obviously needed in society. They can be used as a valuable learning tool, help communication, and teach skills that will be used for life. Students like myself of often use computers for many reasons. Our teacher also encourage us to use computers. All projects require research. For example, last week in social students I researched the amendments to the constitution. I went to @ORGANIZATION1- on the and sound a storage of information on the @NUM1 for my project on wehter capital punishment is and unusual. I found from this database that not onlt is it all lawed for that reason but the @LOCATION1 got from the international council of human rights for allowing it. Without the internet, which is instanly to carry the newest. most recent information I would have now to go find banks published recently enough carry this significant fact. It would mre costly taken over two houses just to find the same information that five minutes using a computer. The internet can millions websites and photo on a wide variety of toys and faster than any other method. As well as for research, school use computers to type papers. This moves than easier to road the teacher and provides useful tools like spell check. Also, using the internet you can access all of the communicate benefits of using computers. E-mail, @CAPS1, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 are just @NUM2 of the commnly used websites on computers they make talking to friends and family easier and faster then ever. Last @DATE1 my friend on a business trip the was for @NUM3 weeks she missed him a lot @CAPS4 mom let @CAPS4 she was able to would have a telephone call. It consoled @CAPS4 for the @NUM4 days wasn't able to see @CAPS4 while still being amazing quick. Computers allow people to interact with other people at once even when they can't be with that person for whatever reason. This communication element is very important just like how they will help for the future. Many jobs involve the usage of a computer mastering how to use the computer before. It is needed has many advantages. If we already know how to use them we don't need to worry about learning in life. Also in the closer future computer will be used in high school and college for helping paper researching and morw it will be faster and easier for us it we have knowledge of how to do these things. Eventualy if can read the benefits are counters. As you can see, computers and the internet can any benefits iur society school can use them for many projects and learning People can talk to others virtually when it is not possible face to face finally, it can help run the future. In conclusion compare use be encouraged."