"@CITY1 @CAPS1, Computers are very helpful devices. Life would be very hard without them. Not only are the helpful, but they are fun and easy to use! I believe that computers have a great effect on people because you can keep in touch with family and friends, go on school websites and use search engines. Friends and family are extremely important in peoples lives. Computers can help you keep in touch with them! the @NUM1 applications that I mostly use are @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3. @ORGANIZATION1 is a free online application that you can download to your computer, add your friends, and video chat! using this, I keep in touch with my @CAPS4, my friend who moved, and even a friend from @LOCATION2! @CAPS2 (@ORGANIZATION3 instant messeger) is where you can send messages to friends and get instant replies! It is just like text messaging, only through computers. Lastly, @CAPS3 is a website where you can add friends from all around the world! I am friends with tons of family that I don't get to see very often, a friend who moved to @LOCATION3, and many other people that have moves! @CAPS3, @CAPS2, and @ORGANIZATION1 are great ways to keep in touch with other people! When you are home sick from school and need to make up school work, instead of calling a friend from each of your classes, go to the school's webpage! All teachers should have their own website that you can get from there. On their pages, they should have posted homework, quizzes/tests schedule, favorite links, projects, and their e-mail address. I find this very helpful because even if you don't understand you homework, you can e-mail you teacher! Not only do school website have teachers pages, but they also have lunch menus, events coming up, the school address and phone number, and many more! School could be a lot more difficult without a website. Do you ever have a question but nobody has the answer to it? www.Google.com has the answer to everything! you can find webpages, videos, pictures, translators, etc. Google is not the only search engine on the internet, there is also @CAPS6, @ORGANIZATION2!, @LOCATION4, @CAPS7, @LOCATION1, etc. These can all help you find answers, pictures, videos and many more! I often use these to find pictures for a school project, webpages for research, translators to check my spanish homework and videos to show my friends! if we did not have search engines, life would be a lot harder. Computers, as you can tell, are extremely helpful, easy, and fun to use. People love them and use them all the time. I hope that you agree with computers having a great effect on people! Staying in touch with family and friends, having a good education, and finding answers within a click is the easiest way to go!"