"Dear @CAPS1 Newspaper, @CAPS2 when you were a kid? There weren't any computers or other electronics except the telephone. The computer is very advanced and helps people in many different ways, such as: hand-eye cordination, learning and being able to talk online. These things benefit society and prove the advancement in technology. The computer teaches hand-eye cordination when people don't even realize @CAPS5, through typing whether typing an email or an essay your hands are working and helping you. The hand-eye cordination that people learn on a computer can be used for sports. @PERSON3, a @NUM1 years old tennis player, said, ""I used to go on the computer everyday and play tennis later, and eventually the computer helped use with my favorite sport."" Hand-eye cordination is very useful, for many things our surveyed @NUM2 people and @NUM3 of these people say that hand-eye cordination is a very important still and that everyday activities, such as computers, help them improve. Typing is very comonly used while sending emails because they are fast, fun, and let you comunicate. When talking on a computer there are many new ways that are popular and fast, such as email welcoms aim, facebook and many more. @CAPS5 is nice to be able to talk to friends and family online because other options are more expensive. For example, many live on @LOCATION1 and her sister, @PERSON4, she is very close to, lives in @LOCATION3. They can't talk to each other a lot because neither of their calling plans allow them to call without charging hundreds of more money. They also can't fly to use each other because plane tickets are expensive these days. Also, the economy isn't doing that great, so they couldn't stay in-touch until webcams come out. Now, they see each other almost every week. Many said, ""I was considering flying to @LOCATION3, but now the webcams and email are useful and save us both a lot of money."" People @MONTH1 argue that you can just sent letters to each other, but, you can't send your baby boys first steps that you just video taped, or a youtube video that is really cute. Also, you can meet new people online that you @MONTH1 not've seen normally and when you can stay in touch, you can stay much closer to each other. Even though computers are great for fun, working and learning are much easier online. When online, everything that can be learned is amazing whether @CAPS5's what means or the earthquake in @LOCATION4. Being able to keep track of everything in one computer is amazing. @PERSON2, a @NUM4 @CAPS3 teacher at @LOCATION2, says, ""@CAPS4, we are trying to make more things electronic to protect the planet, so use don't waste paper and will trees."" @CAPS5 is true, about @PERCENT1 of the homework of @NUM5 graders is online, whether @CAPS5 is to look up the equation for photosynthesis on to find out what year @CAPS6 died in being online does help the environment @CAPS5 is important to be able to have computers in schools because @CAPS5 gives more chances for kids to learn more things faster, like @NUM6 graders have a math class online, off hey math. @CAPS5 gives people more information coming from more people. Online, you can read a scientists' expierement or a paparatzi's take on @PERSON1' new boyfriend. The computer has changed society a lot, for the better. Now, in the @DATE1, computers are part of the everyday lives of people in which they benefit. With better hand-eye cordination, being able to talk your friends, and being able to learn the computer benefits society."