"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 do you feel about computers? I know that I think they are a great to we are lucky to have them. They have to be used in moderation though, because exercise and staying healthy is good. I hope you will share my opinions in your next article to help pursude readers on my view of computers. What I believe is the best thing about computers, is that it is a great source to learn. The internet can connect all over the world, and you can learn about other cultures. You can know everything about that country without ever visiting! Or you can use it to find out about you family's history. Many record keeping systems are switching to computers now. When we took a field trip to @LOCATION1 they had data bases there that had every name of the people that went through there. Studies show that @NUM1 people find the internet easy to use, and quicker than any method. Another thing about computers is they help you in the work place. Lets say you had a job designing houses to be built. In old times you would have to draw it out by hand using numerous instruments and tools, but now you could make the design using just one tool, the computer. It is a much away way to to you job and if assists the customers because before if the wanted the house to be a different you would have help to draw it all over again. Now you just have to make an ajustment on the computer and in seconds its done with the new design. These day if not @PERCENT2 then @PERCENT1 of house designers use computers. Computers also play in a social role. On the internet you can connect and chat with friends. Also you could share pictures of both of you at a baseball game @DATE1 to keep memories. Or you can send them a website with a really funny video of someone getting with a soccerball. Experts did a study and it showed that @NUM2 times the reason a teen goes on the internet is to connect with friends. ""@CAPS2 @PERSON1 (computer expert and developer) what do you think the number one reaso teen use computers teen use computers is?"" @CAPS3, I would have to say to chat with friends. I dont see why they wouldn't, it's simple and almost in ."" Computers are, a great advancement in our technology. They assist us in everyday life, life and make difficult tasks simple. They should not be over used though and you need to keep a healthy mind and body. All of the thing we could learn from them though help in the argument of that. To me the computer is the same step forward as the light bulb was. Computer source found @PERCENT3 of in @LOCATION2, and. I believe they will be in all of our homes. Some families find them @CAPS2 useful the have more than one in the household. They can come in all shapes and sized to fit your wants and needs, and can connect you to anything in the world."