"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you know that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students in @NUM3 grade go on the computer each night to complete homework and to connect with friends and family? I think the effects computers have on people are beneficial for everyone who uses one. A computer can be used for communication, education, and for accessing important information quickly, such as the local news. Now, let me tell you why computers are good for communication. When I was in elementary school, I had a friend who I was very close to and a part of his life. Unfortunately, he had to move away. But I still wanted to continue to be friends and communicate with him every once in a while. A convenient way to do this was by using a computer. The computer allows you to easily contact an old friend so that you can @CAPS5 stay in touch. Different types of communication on the computer can be e-mail, instant-messaging, video chat, online chat groups...etc. This helps people stay connected. That's why I think communication is the biggest effect on people due to the use of a computer. But, a computer can also be used for learning. At school or work, both kids and adults need access to the right information about research projects, vacation spots, learning about animals, food, cultures, and sometimes things as complicated as scientific chemicals. For example when my class researched different things about the @CAPS3 @CAPS4, our main source of infromation was the internet on our computers. We researched the customs, the foods, the way of dressing, the traditional holidays, and their way of entertainment. Also, kids come home from school and upload their essay and continue to type it. This is teaching them hand-eye coordiantion, and how to type. The computer is not @CAPS5 used for just communication. It's a good way to educate everyone although the internet can be used to pass along important local and global information. ""@CAPS6 and adults often check their e-mail and homepage everyday for the latest news on other countries, our country, the government, and the economy, ""says expert @PERSON1. I think that the internet gives citizens a fast and easy way to access information about what's going on in our town, state, country, and world. For example, it can tell us about the series of shootings goiong on throughout @LOCATION1 or the many house robberies in our town. Us, @CAPS7 citizens, wnt to know everything... for us to stay safe and notified on the latest. Another example is that I logged on the computer three dats ago and it notified me about the earthquake in @LOCATION2. But there are so many benefits of a computer. The effects computers have on people are beneficial. It allows people to stay in touch, learn about places and people, and to stay up to date with the latest local and global news. I think you should take my ideas into consideration and publish them for everyone."