"Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1's small world after all - and growing smaller as computer usage becomes more and more widespread. Thousands upon thousands of sites and applications are now at your fingertips. I firmly believe that the effects of computers are overwhelming positive. For one thing, they increase hand-eye coordination.For another, they are a great means of communication.Finally they are a very powerful research tool. Some @MONTH1 say that computers are lessening time with family and friends, but I don't agree. Computers help us stay more conected than ever! The computer is not evil - quite the opposite! First of all, computers are great for increasing hand-eye coordination. In recent study by @PERSON1, he noticed a significant increase in motor skills of children aged @NUM1 to @NUM2 when they used educational computer programs such as @CAPS2 @CAPS3 for just half an hour, once a day. Children who did not use the program were seen to develop motor skills at a much lower rate. Hand-eye coordination is a skill needed from birth to death, and should be encouraged as uch as possible. I know that @CAPS1 greatly helps me in my daily life - and probably you in yours as well - from the mos basic tasks of eating and brushing my teeth to typing, drawing, and playing piano. As you can see, hand-eye coordination is very important. Second in my reasoning is that computers are brilliant communication aids. People can't always be reached by phone. An email could be waiting for them online whenever - and whereever - they check @CAPS1. Also, documents can be sent over email that would be near impossible for a home phone and difficult for most cells to process. Revolutionary video-conferencing programs like @ORGANIZATION2 can even allow us to talk to people around the world, practically eye to eye. I use @CAPS1 to keep in touch with family on the @LOCATION2. How about you? Last - but (at the risk of sounding cliched) definitely not the least - computers are very powerful research tools. Everything from the schedule of the local zoo (thus preventing toddler meltdowns when one arrives only to find @CAPS1 closed) to the average life span of the @CAPS4 elephant (@NUM3 years). Rather than skimming book after books for a single piece of information, plug your query into any of many search engines, from @ORGANIZATION1 to @CAPS5., and find answers instantly. Find about @LOCATION3 without the expense of a plane ticket. See photos of @LOCATION1 - a sight most people would never get to see without the internet. The computer can take us anywhere. In conclusion, computers are a great resource that are often wrongly portrayed in a bad light. Computers teach and improve valuable hand-eye coordination. Also, they help greatly with communication. And finally, they are a powerful research device. Computers are oftern shown as the bane of society. This is simply untrue. They are an excellent tool for all ages. Technology is not our enemy. Don't treat @CAPS1 like one."