"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I believe that computers do benefit society in a positive way. Without computers we would not be able to be as social. We also would not have the ability to do reseach for school online and running a business would be even more difficult. Without computers our society would not be so far advanced. Being social is an important quality in life. the main way of being social these days, other than texting, is to chat online with friends. Facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and skype all give their users the ability to make new friends, find long lost friends, and chat with friends. I personally have a skype and facabook, and I am able to access them everyday. Without them, I wouldn't be able to chat with friends out of school except for sports and texting. Everyday I workout and lift weights and go on facebook, that is why that whole statement, ""spending less time exercising, and more time on the computer"" is false. Facebook and skype are a past of my everyday life and without them I know I would not be as social. Computers are also a part of my everyday life, because I have to use it to do research for school or typing up an @CAPS5 paper. As you have now seen, my handwriting is not so great, so I end up typing a lot of my homework because of it. Without computers my teachers would not be able to read my work. Computers also help with making graphs and data tables for science lab reports. Without a computer the graphs would have to be handmade, which is not as presentable. Overall computers are used everyday in school to either do research or to type up some homework. Education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers out education that we would receive would not be the same as it is now. My last reason why i believe that computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what keeps businesses running. Without computers some businesses would be unable to function, and those could function, would be awful slow. Since our society is so far advanced our businesses need computers in order to complete the jobs. Expenses and income are saved to businesses computers, if that was all done an paper they could be lost or ruined. Computers also simplify work for businesses, they speed up the tasks that would takes a long time to be hand done and they complete the tasks that could not be acheived without a computer. Computers play a large part in the @CAPS6 of the world."