"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, @DATE1, everywhere you look technology is being exercised and it is beneficial to many aspects in our lives @DATE1. Many engineers strive to improve on technologic devices popularity, while others use it in communicate or relax. study conducted by @ORGANIZATION2 university, the computer is the most largely operated machine. The computer positively contributes to our education, economy, and entertainment. As i mentioned before the computer is beneficial to our education. An example of this is the school i attend, middle school. Here at we have over @NUM1 computers in use throughout the school day. These computers help the students complete research papers, typed assignments and other teacher requirement papers. By using the computer to complete research papers students save hours of scanning through books in the library and money on reading books. In addition, computers teachers in organizing files and entering grades online so students can check their. This is beneficial considering the amount of and assignments graded each week. Moreover, a computer called the ""parent portal"" allows the students to stay connected with school events that would not be mentioned otherwise in all, computer are way of. Besides education computers touch upon our economy as well. Now, due to the wide variety of computer selection, a computer is affordable, starting at prices as low as sixty dollars! This is a positive aspect of the computer because currently the has been enduring the economy since the depression in the. Consequently, the reason has made families start to cut many useful technologe devices out of the. However, since the price of computers decreased purchase have stimulating. Also, the computer has mainly improved methods of. Instead of listening to a cd player you can download listen to while chatting online with friends. This is very helpful for last-minute plan changes, because for those who do not own a telephone, communication @MONTH1 be, negatively affecting your time of entertainment. In addition, children can use internet in order to play games to take that mind off of a hard day at school, or an adult's rough work computersin producing the you watch at home on the couch and the videogame you ordered off of ebay. From facebook and myspace, to and ""gone with the wind."" Computers create a relaxing entertainment opportunity."