"Yes, I believe that computers benefits society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn and lastly compoters are apart of todays technology. First of all, computers have really progressed from the old type writer we used to have. Computers have helped todays life for a few different reasons. With computers, they help us learn or find things we didnt know. For example, if you have a project due on the @LOCATION1, then most likley you're probably not going to know much about it. If you go to the internet then you can find tons of things about it like who and what needs the @ORGANIZATION1 for water, how long the @LOCATION1 is, where its located or anything else abot it. Also, another reason why computers help us learn is that, say your going to a new job interview and you have no idea where it is or how even to get there. If you type in the adress and the internet will give you directions. Even if you dont know when your favorite to show is on tonight just type that in and the answer will be right in front of you. Secondly, why I believe that computers do benefits society is you can talk to other people from across the state, country, or world, or even just down the street. Facebook and @CAPS1 are very helpful as well, because one of my best friends moved away in second grade. Just before about christmas i found her on facebook and now we talk and catch up because we havent seen each other in years, @CAPS2 alone tak to her. Another reason why is that if someones mon or dad is away at war or oversea's then the kids and parents could talk to them by using email, skype, yahoo instant messenger, with the webcam or the telephone just @CAPS2 alone just typing back and fourth. You could also just use it for a job buisness to talk to your co-worker or one of your workers on webcam to see things are going with profit, stores, etc. Lastly, why I think computers actually do help us is technollogy has come a long way. For example if you had to type something up you would of have to used a type writer and those things are hard to use. Today you just have to go onto @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and type it out. @CAPS3 @CAPS4 also has spell check, you could email it to someone, or even change the font, color, size of the font and much more. Another reason why is with iphones or i touches now you dont have to be at home you could take out either one and just use the internet for whatever you want to. To find an app, find how long the @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 is, or even just to order a pizza but technollogy has come a long way. So this is why I agree with that computers help benefit our society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn new things you didnt knew before and finally computers have changed a lot and they are apart of our technology. "