"Some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time on computers, and I believe that they are correct. Most kinds would perfer to be on the computer chatting with friends on line or spending hours on facebook but what is the point of this when there is a whole to explore, they don't enjoy natire like they should, and they spend less time with family and friends. If you are on the computer twenty four hours a day, seven days a week how are you supposed to get enough exersize? Well that's the problem you don't get any exersize. Some might disagree with me but the truth is, moving your hand over the mouse doesn't count! A recent survay has been conduched and @CAPS2 said that out of the @PERCENT1 of kids who own a computer @PERCENT2 are over-weight or indanger of being over-weight. @CAPS2 is sad to think that technology has taken over so much that @CAPS2 is ruining poeples lives. I go in the computer @CAPS1 too, but I am always sure to ride my bike after or go for a hike with my family @CAPS1 of the times I have softball practice so I'm not able to go on the computer anyway. Now what about the beautiful things in nature @CAPS1 of us are missing? The outdoors is one thing most of us take advantage on, some of us have @CAPS3 seen a day-lily are at night and new ones grow the very next day. This a facinating are might @CAPS3 see because they have a computer screen in front of their face. Kids really should learn to balance tecknology and the more important things in life like protecting nature and exercising. Yes, I know, that some will disagree by saying, ""but i am saying the rain forest, or the @LOCATION1, by being a member of this website."" @CAPS2's true you are helping but doing @CAPS2 yourself would feel a whole lot better. For example you could get a group and clean up the streets in your neighborhood or help plant trees in the park. The most important thing in life is family and friends, technology should @CAPS3 get in the way of that. If you loose everything what is the one thing your will always have? Loving family and friends of course! If family is so importand then why would kid want to be on the computer than at a family picnic? Is is because technology is taking over their life and clouding their vision of the more important things life has to offer. Don't you sometimes wish you were a little kid again running bare footed a field with your parents? That could be some what have if you got off the chair you have been sitting in for three hours straight and took a hike with your family. I might not be making much sense but being with family in person is better than instant messaging someone you just meet who lives half way across the world! I know that a ton of people are going to disagree with me when they read this but, I think technology is ruining some peoples lives. If you think about @CAPS2 a computer is like a @CAPS4-@CAPS5 @CAPS6 , @CAPS2 has a sugar sweet coating byt when you get the full force of @CAPS2, @CAPS2 traps you in and won't let go. A computer is ruining lives and experts have a right to be worried about people's health! All of us should get more exersize, spend more time in Nature, and be with family and friends more often than sitting on a chair glued to a computer screen."