"Dear Local @CAPS1: I'm sitting at the couch thinking about what I should do for vacation. I know I definitely want to take a trip somewhere to do same creative writing, but my notebooks are all scattered, I don't know how to quickly contact someone who could help and I have no idea about the country that I plan to visit. I take a last look at my notebooks strewn about the closet looking very much like a tornado swept through and I find solution on the highest shelf my laptop. First, I highly agree with the people who think computers are useful. Three effects they have on people who use them usely are fantastic. Compare a person with a laptop to one without. The person with a laptop @MONTH1 be a busy business person and have to converse with many people from long distances a part, so they use e'mail and @ORGANIZATION1. They travel places with people at their fingertips. However a person without a laptop could be busy moving from place to place just to meet these people. Their schedule could be chaotic. Conversations over a chat system are fast and effective. Take my story for example. My mom hates wasting, so instead of me driving to a friend we @CAPS2. Saves money and time! In addition, I happen to be a writer who write often everyday in many notebooks. I've written so much over the years that my notebooks are piling all over my room. What organizational tool could help me in this situation? Why a laptop of course! One laptop or computer store a bunch of and editing a breeze. Anyone who with data and writing would be crazy not to have a computer! What you a room notebooks that you buy of, or a single, computer with tons of space and back up? You tell me. Computers encourage users to be more organized! Respectively, computers are resource for a millions of pages information. They're similar to libraries. But think about a library and then imagine a computer. One you have to walk around to seek your information and with the other, knowledge is merely a click away. Some @MONTH1 argue that computer websites are not entirely reliable I beg to differ. There are specific websites on computers with suffixes like '.org' and'.gov' and even'.edu'. These websites contain proven factual information and more great resources for research. By using computers I have acquired greater knowledge and have found computers beneficial. They have effectively made me more intellgent as a person. In conclusion, it's my strong opinion that those who use computers gain nothing but the positive effects, and these include money/gas-saving conversations through @CAPS2 and email organization and increased intelligence from reading. I've decide to take my creative writing on my laptop and in doing so learned the storm."