"North @CAPS1 courier, I would like to give you my opinion on the usage of computers. I am a person who supports the advances in technology and believe computers have a positive effect on people, @CAPS2 ran benefit people in many ways. The three most important ways to me is that @CAPS2 helps with hand-eye coordination, gives people another source to retain knowledge from, and lastly @CAPS2 realise to another way for people communicate. Hand-eye coordination is an awesome skill to have in our society. In a country, being the @LOCATION2, that revolves around sports, hand-eye coordination really helps out. Using the computers really helps harness and train your hand-eye for sports such as baseball, basketball and many more. Using the computers for hand-eye coordination will really help the @LOCATION2 to develop some world class athletes. We also live in a country where their are so many drivers and cars on the road. We have a problem with bad drivers here in the @LOCATION2 so if they improve their coordination maybe the numbers of car accidents and fatalities involving automobile will decreas. Well how in computers help with with hand-eye coordination yoe ask? I'll tell you how, by people using fun gaming sites, like luniosity.com, which is a website with games for brain training. @CAPS2 helps with hand-eye coordination, concentration, memorization, and problem solving. They help your brain in all of these categories just by having cute and fun little game. As you can see in the @LOCATION2 we need improved hand-eye coordination and @CAPS2 could do many positive things for the country. We cam improve @CAPS2 just by computer. To retain knowledge about other cultures, places, people and miscellaneous things makes to amazing thanks to the computer we have for this information besides books. have the internet and computers you can know about what you want when you type in the subject into a search engine like google or yahoo. People can learn all of this wonderful and interesting information about things they of never known before. @CAPS2 also helps kids like to find information for reports and. There are truly you can learn on the internet. You can learn about or. Maybe the difference between an element and a compound, or even just the definition of the word sucess than is a to @LOCATION1. You can get so much knowledge from the computers/internet. Communication is another huge part of our daily lives. Most people have home phones or call phones, but for the ones who dont they need as meen of communication. On the computer you can use instant @CAPS3 or email; @CAPS4 twitter, or myspace as well. The computer gives people who don't have phones another way to communicate with others. Even if you do have a phone and someone you known is overseas. Instead of wasting money on a long distances just use one of the systems y've mentioned. The same thing goes for our military, they don't have phones to call home so they communicate via the computer. Communicating via computer is just another reason why the computer is so important. So as I conclude my letter to you, the north @CAPS1 courier, I shall restate that I do support technology because they do have positive effects on people. The positive effects that are the most major are @CAPS2 teaches hand-eye coordinating helps people with another source to gain knowledge, and lastly @CAPS2 allows another way to communicate with people. I will tell you once again computers benefits society and do have positive effects."