"Dear @CAPS1, I remember when I was younger my parents got two laptops for themselves. Internet use was always available, interaction of online chat. It was extremly exciting for them. On the other hand, I got to sit home and watch them have fun. I couldn't go outside, or hang out with friends just because I was stranded insided as they enjoyed the computer. I strongly feel as if computers do not benefit society. People spend too much time using the internet than exercising, nobody gets to enjoy the beauty of nature, and there is less interaction with family and friends. There are many holes being dog while computers one still being used and bought. Our society is just going downhill from here. People don't need to be sitting at home inside breathing reused air while using the computer. Proffessor @PERSON3, a health generalist, stated on @ORGANIZATION2 news that @PERCENT1 of all people around @LOCATION1 would rather be on the computer at home doing nothing than going outside and/or getting some kind of exercise. Could you imagine all of those unhealthy people not worriying about anything except their computer? the only thing computers do for us these days is abandon our free time. @CAPS2 waist @PERCENT2 of there spare time on their computer. If technology decreases there new games people play, and sites people use, it is likey for people to get out of the house and do something healthy for themselves. @PERSON1, owner of @ORGANIZATION1, said ""I have never seen in my entire life, so many people using there computers and internet. Its been quite sometimes when over one billion @CAPS2 are online on a typical weekend. "" @PERSON1 later mentions "" it's kind of depressing of how much time they spend on computers, than outside and enjoying nature."" Not only is excersicing time headed down the drain, but our used to be "" beautiful"" nature is as well. Many young kids these days are watching @CAPS3, they see computer game commercials there parents buy them the game, and all of a sudden they are on it @NUM1. Since adults aren't doing there part by idolizing these kids to persuade them to run around outside and do something healthy. The kids need to step up for a change! Did you know global warming is caused by the minimum density in the air? If we have almost to no children or adults running around outside, our world is not flowing too well. Hence our budget is low, and pollution is extremly off the wall; our nature is going from beatifu to less and lesser. @PERSON2, a government official has survey @NUM2 people from each state asking about how much time they spend weekly of just enjoying nature and roleizing the beaty of it. The survey reads one in every @NUM3 people thoughly breathe in the beauty for at least @NUM4 minuests, a week. I mean come on; that's pathetic. Maybe if we surely excluded computers and technology for a while, global warming won't be nessicary. I remember when I was about @NUM4 years old an I never once got to meet my other family besides my siblings. It was pretty sad because I'm always told I have a huge family that is very known to our town but I have no clue who they are ! this is all because technology was invented. Never once have I ever been outside and relaxed besides when I got on and off the bus for school. My parents stand me in my house as they use the computer. The other day I just found out what ""show"" is because my moms computer brake and now I am get introduced to my other family along with the freedom of going outside. Ever since my mom's computer brake she has lots of free time to spend with me. Technology ruined my childhood as a kid and without it you get to open up the real importance of life. Would you want to become obese, like through global warming, and/or to not interact with family or outside nature? Its sadi how @PERCENT3 of these reasonings are caused by the excessvive use of technology and computers. Let's just get rid of it all! Thank you for your time @CAPS1!"