"To the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, This day in age, computer technology rules the world. It's where we get our news, music, shopping and even enterteinment. Sounds great right? But there are some big downsides to this box of information. Such as, this gadget is taking over peoples lives and keeping them from excersizing. Now a days, people are even loosing human interaction from these marvelous toys. And finally, computers are very expensive electronics, they have much up keep which costs you money ultimately making you depressed. As you can see, although there are some great pros to computers, there are also pretty big downfalls that you havn't thought of yet. As I previously stated, computers are taking away from people excersicing. We're all becoming quite lazy. People rather stay at their computer screens playing grand theft auto or facebook stalking than going outside to play a game of soccer with your friends at the empty field down the street. @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION1 goes without physical domain for at least a @DATE1 and a half. @PERCENT2 of those people rather just tay at home on their computers. This is a disgrace! We cannot let this continue. We must change the way we live and get rid of this unhealthy appliance we call a computer. Of all my reason that computers are bed, this is by far the most disturbing. People are having less, and less human interactions as computers become more popular. Now you, can d everything from your computer. Soon people will be marrying them. Oh wait, that's already happened. Just yesterday, I read in the newest issue of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 that a man married a character in his computer game. There was a priest present and everything. They just recently got back from their honeymoon. This is sad! Look at what our world has become. People rather marry a computer character than actually communicate with real people. We must act quick, I don't know what will happen next. Finally, computer cost a lot of money. You pay @MONEY1 for the computer outright, but then you have all the up keep and there is lots of up keep. Computers are very troublesome. You just keep pouring money into it, which is just depressing. It will just break again soon or freeze and cause you to loose a report you've worked on all night. For example, @DATE1 my dad had to pay @MONEY2 in order to get my @DATE1 computer unbugged. He was so reluctant to even pay it and afterwards he was annoyed all week for even-paying it. It got even worse when it froze up a week later. He was freaking out. Thats all you get from computers, more and more frustration. I just don't think it's worth it."