"Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @DATE1, computers are a big part of our society. They are an advance in technology, and they have some positive effects. However, computers have more negative effects on people. They take away and diminish @CAPS3 time, interacting with family, and seeing the world. First, computers have a negative effect on people because they diminish @CAPS3 time. People are so caught up with computers, their desire for @CAPS3 starts to fall. According to a @ORGANIZATION3 survey in @DATE2, for @CAPS1 person spending @NUM1 hours on the computer a week (roughly @NUM2 hours each day) had an increase in cholesterol and slowly deterioating muscles. ""Computers distract people from their needs"" says @PERSON1 of @ORGANIZATION1. ""@CAPS1 person needs about one to two hours of physical activity each day, and only @NUM2 out of @NUM4 people get this amount."" The leading cause for this low number? ""technology,"" she says, ""@CAPS2 computers, which take away all of the motivation and time people need to @CAPS3."" @CAPS3 is vital, and computers are taking this away from society. People shouldn't have bad @ORGANIZATION1 because of this negative effect: computers. Second, computers have a negative effect on people because they deteriorate interaction with family. @NUM5 out of @NUM4 people say that computers take away from their family time, reports Family @CAPS4 @ORGANIZATION3. This is not of all good, especially since @CAPS1 person needs at least @NUM7 hours of interacting with family for an assured healthy mental state and being. Children are directly affected by computer use in family settings. When computer time starts to eat up time, it also cuts of communication, something extremeley important in graving children. with this, family bonds and relationship are ruined as wal. It affects interacting with family, and puts hates in family bonds: computers haved negative effect on people. Lastly, computers have a negative effect on people because it takes away from people using their world. When you're on the computer, it seems like the entire world is in your computer screen. But its not. This is effecting people negatively. @PERCENT1 of people who use computers on the stocking average of about @NUM2 hours a day have notedly become withdrawn and unaware of their world says my physcology.net. The cure? Traveling, or even talking walks to enjoy nature can help. People should be aware of their world in which they live. They have to make important descions for themselves, their children, even their country, and staring at a computer screen wont help at all. It especially will effect children, the next generation, who will have no knowledge or a clear view on the world if people keep up their negative habits: computer usage. In conclusion, computers have negative effects on people. They diminish @CAPS3, so bad @ORGANIZATION1 increases and the need for @CAPS3 increases. It cuts family interaction by destroying family relationships and bonds, not to mention communication. Finally, it takes away from people seeing the world, something actually very important because it affects people's desicion making as well as future generations. People need to realize these bad effects, and majorly decrease their computer usage."