"Dear Local Newspaper, Computers have a positive effect on people. With a computer you could do so many things! They provide plenty of information, communication, and even entertainment. The only reason some find it to be unhealthy or negative is because some people abuse their ""computer-time"". Ever used the popular website ww.google.com? Sites like this, and many more, are great when you need information. Your practically just type in a word and automatically have hundreds or thousands of links, containing information on that word, to choose from! How could so much knowledge be named unhealthy, or have a negative effect on people? Computers have dictionaries, references, translators, encyclopedias, or even history pages that hold massive informatiion. So go ahead and expand your knowledge! If you log onto one of the most famous and well-used social networking websites, such as @CAPS1 or @CAPS2, you will find a new way to communicate with friends and family. Equipped with tools and various settings to keep you safe, you can find long-lost friends or out-of-touch family members and instantly catch up. Again, many people abuse those websites, putting up harmful words, inappropriate things, but that problem can be easily solved if you ""report' them to the website manager or to an adult. You just have to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you. If you know how to use it right, you'll enjoy messages from family or instant messages from friends. There is a wide variety of entertainment on your computer. From video-sharing websites like www.youtube.com. to gaming websites like www.onemorelevel.com. These sites provide games and many videos, or even learning aids. There are sites where you can purchase music ang movies, or even clothes and furniature. Many stores have online websites wher you can purchase items and have them shipped to your front door. How could that possibly be regroup? Also, there are video games that are specially created for the computer, that you can buy, and have installed for isntant entetainment. I mean, who doesn't like to play games or shop, without having to go through the trouble of finding time to go out and do it? I know my aunts do. So you see, computers aren't negative, unless you abuse your ""computer-time"" and waste countless hours for no reason. You need to have a limit. Without it, it's just plain weird spending all day on a computer. So have fun! Learn, communicate, entertain youself."