"One evening, @CAPS1 I got home from school, I didn't know what I had for homework. I decided to call my friends cell phone, but instead I got her voicemail. I left her a voicemail and called her house phone instead, the same thing bad happened. Luckily, I had my other friends numbers I could use. The next day, I asked her why she didn't pick her cell and house phone. She told me ""I'm sorry, I guess I was to busy on the computer e-mailing other people."" @CAPS1 I think of people being on the computer too much, I think they don't get enought exercise, don't enjoy nature, and spend less time with family and friends. First @CAPS1 people spend too much time on the computer, they spend less time excersising. About @PERCENT1 of people do this and it's not healthy. @CAPS2 people do this too often, then they will not get enough excercise and without excersise then they won't be healthy @CAPS1 they get older. @CAPS3 @PERSON1 said ""@CAPS2 adults spend too much time on the computer, maybe @NUM1 hours a day or more while eating junk food like chips and soda, they are not setting a good example for their kids. @CAPS2 adults get into this bad habit, so will their kids and it's to early for kids to be unhealthy."" I also agree with @CAPS3 @PERSON1, she is right about how people spend too much time on the computer. Second, @CAPS1 people are on their computer, its like their face is glued to the screen and they don't care about nature, @CAPS1 people do this, I can't stand it. Its like they don't care about anything else. What I don't get is why can't they go outside and do something for at least a half hour, then go back to the computer and waste their time then? Going outside and enjoying nature is peaceful on a nice sunny clay. You could have a picnic, take a hike, or even hang out with friends instead of playing on the computer. I understand @CAPS2 its a bad day like @CAPS2 its snowing or a thunderstorm and you can't do anything outside, then you go on the computer. I think that at least @PERCENT2 of people would try this. Third, @CAPS2 people are too busy on the computer then they won't be able to hung out with friends or family. @CAPS2 your friends want to hang out with you and they want to go to the mall. But you can't because your on the computer, she would be furious at you. You picked the computer over your friends to go to the mall. There's probably a @PERCENT1 chance she won't ever talk to ou again. and I don't blame her. People who spend to much time on the computer, would barely understand whats going on. @CAPS2 someone tells you something, it goes in one ear and out the other. @CAPS1 people do this, its really dissappointing because you dont hang out as much as with your friends and family. As you can see, people are spending too much time on the computer than excersing, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends. @CAPS2 you ask me, I don't play on the computer as much which is a good thing."