"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, The effects computers have on people can be hurting our society or it can also be helping society. As a middle schoolers growing up, I believe using computers can be beneficial at same point but it is also damaging our society. First of all, the internet is full of innapproprate content. Illegal uses are involved and can draw in anyone with just s single click of a mouse. Anyone in the world can use the technology we have today to ""hack"" or tresspass someone else's computer. Anybody can download songs or documents illegally for free, rather than paying for it themselves. In fact, not only can someone download innapropriate content right onto their screen, they can also be inflicted upon with graphic words or view a website that involves videos with drug use. criminal acts, vulgar language and more. A recent study on internet use from the @ORGANIZATION1 for internet use includes that ""@CAPS4 @CAPS5"" has a history of a result to suicides or depression in teens. @CAPS4 @CAPS5 is a form of @CAPS5 where someone can chat or instant message someone and hurt their feelings. Not only is @CAPS4 @CAPS5 an issue, however, people can now talk to strangers on the internet. Think about how awful it would be if your child had given out their private information online and a man who said they were the same age as your child received it and lied about their age, sex, apperance, and age. Now that man can track your child down and possibly kidnap or hurt them. Secondly, the internet can also be very unhealthy and can create you to become less social. According to @CAPS7 @CAPS8 at @ORGANIZATION2, @PERCENT1 of children or teenagers that result to internet use can create a weak relationship with friends and family members if they use the computer too much. It can be very unhealthy for someone, and not just teenagers, to use the computer for an extended amount of time than they should. People can gain the effects of laziness, little brain effort, and lose interaction with the outside world. Finally, my foremost reason on how computers can be negative is how addicting it can be. From my own experience, I used to stay up late for hours using websites such as @CAPS9 because everyone else was using it. Sure, it can be entertaining and fun but using the internet won't be so much ""fun"" when your academic grades are at risk and you stop communicating with the outside world. Adiction can draw anyone in against their willpower. My own brother became so addicted to computer games that he played one game straight for @NUM1 hours straight. You can get addicted to one subject until you lose everything else you have. The internet can be great in moderation, however it can be innappropriate, unhealthy, and addicting. If technology becomes too powerful in our civilization, how can we learn to interact with our humanity. More and more peole become involved with technology and frankly it can be quite horrendous in my oppinnion."