"Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 in your newspaper, I read an article that sparked my interest. The article was about the negative effects computers have on the community. I couldn't help but disagree with the article, @PERSON1 because, in my opinion, computers are a step in the right direction for modern technology. I believe computers are a benefit to society because they premote hand-eye coordination, you can learn about almost anything, and you can talk online to other people. How do computers help with hand-eye coordination, you ask? When you are typing on the computer your eyes are on the screen while your hands are typing and strengthening at an incredible rate! A study made by students at @ORGANIZATION1 shows that the chances of developing arthritis by the time you are @NUM1 dropped almost @PERCENT1 in people that use computers often. Also, the hand-eye coordination you get from typing, goes a long way in sports such as tennis and baseball. So if someone needs to build up their hand eye coordination I suggest that they take a computer class, like the ones that are offered in many schools all over the country. Secondly, using the internet on computers makes finding information on a variety of subjects much easier. Say you wanted to go on vacation with your family. Instead of calling a number, why not go online and plan your entire trip from your computer. There are so many websites that make it fast and easy. In addition, sites can teaching people how to clothings are always nearby. If you wanted to learn how to knit, just type in ""how to knit"" in your favorite search engine and there are over @NUM2 sites to help you, making it easy to learn to make a great or fix a bike. In addition to learning about new things the internet allows you to friends. After camp, I would always say ""oh we will keep in touch,"" but I never would be able to keep any promise. Once I found an instant messager or webcam application on the internet, it was very easy to talk to my friends. Every once in a while I talk to my friend who now lives in @LOCATION1! Also, my dad is always stressed about meetings with other countries, but now that he can use webcams to talk to his other international bosses, he is so excited about his meetings. He always says that the computers nowadays are very easy to use for talking to people. In conclusion, I believe that computers are a benefit to the world because they help with hand-eye coordination, make it easy to get information, and talk to people."