"@ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 you imagine the kids in schools that you yourself run not being able to research on computers? Would you be okay with kids not having the option @ORGANIZATION3 typing their homework? Do you think the adolescence @ORGANIZATION3 @LOCATION2 would want to waste paper because @ORGANIZATION3 their messy handwriting and mistakes? I would hate to live like that, and I hate to live like that, and I know my peers would agree. This is just one @ORGANIZATION3 many reasons why computers have a positive effect on people. Other reaasons include, citizens @ORGANIZATION3 the world need an easier way to communicate with each other, and some people have to work at home. I know you as a @ORGANIZATION3 would not want to upset as many people as taking away computers would. First @ORGANIZATION3 all, think about the schools that the @ORGANIZATION1 runs. Now picture this; kids turning in eight page essays to their teachers, when typing it would have taken three. Imagine those kids the night before, scribbling words away with their cramped hands, typing to write as quickly as possible. These children have no computers, and therefore their teacher will have to take the time to try and comprehend the illegibal students' handwriting. I @CAPS1 almost see the kids screaming, their eyes darting around as they struggle to finish their high priority papers. If there were no computers, then this is what would happen to children. Also, students use computers for research; learning about different parts @ORGANIZATION3 the world. As a @ORGANIZATION1, I doubt you @CAPS1 say that research is a negative affect on school kids. I mean, unless you didn't want them to learn. Secondly, I want you to close your eyes. Think @ORGANIZATION3 yourself calling your best friend who lives in @LOCATION1. He does not pick up, so you walk to your clean, shiny black computer. You hear the clickety-clack @ORGANIZATION3 the keys as you write him a message, and the wooshing sound that your moniter maes when you press send. It is kind @ORGANIZATION3 amazing how advanced our technology is, how @CAPS1 you send a message from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1 in a matter @ORGANIZATION3 seconds. You couldn't possibly say that all the hard work put in to makng computers did not have a positive effect, could you? I know that I talk to my friends in @LOCATION3 all the time, but not on the telephoone. You see, my family does not have long distance calling, so if I didn't have a computer, I would never be able to talk to her. I know a lot @ORGANIZATION3 my friends have the same issue, and if not then the time difference between locatiions makes it hard to call people. Have you ever had this problem? Would you want the effect to be that you couldn't talk to some @ORGANIZATION3 your friends anymore? Most importantly, I would like to tell you a story. When @CAPS2 five, my daddy used to tuck me into bed every night. It was my favorite part @ORGANIZATION3 everyday. But then, when I was six, my dad got a job that required him to work late every night. He stopped coming home and tucking me in, and I didn't understand why, being as young as I was. I cried every night for three weeks. After those three weeks, my dad's boss told him that he could work from home... if he had a computer. His work gave him a computer, and he was back to tucking me in every night, and he still does now. If that wasn't a possible effect, then I don't know what is. Many people are able to work from home with computers, which is just another reason why computers are helpful to all citizens @ORGANIZATION3 the world. I'm you, a @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION3, needs a computer to work. Although I @CAPS1 see why some people @MONTH1 oppose to computer, I completely and utterly disagree. Computers help people with working, learning, and even communication! People @MONTH1 think computers @MONTH1 cost too much, but you @CAPS1 find them for they almost any price range. I do agree that citizens should not spend too much time on the computer, but it still has a totally positive effect on people @ORGANIZATION3 the world. I know that a @ORGANIZATION3 @ORGANIZATION3 the @ORGANIZATION1 should agree."