"Dear Local newspaper, @CAPS1 you have a computer at home you enjoy? Computers are a big thing now in life, they help with many things. Such as staying organized, studies, and even entertainment. These are the three topics I will focus on, because I @CAPS1 believe that computers are useful and people use them a help to make life a lot more easy. Let me start by saying: ""I am a man who enjoys computers, as a way to talk to friends, listen and search music, watch videos on youtube, get school work done, and much more! Although, on main point is it helps me stay orginized. I can make many folders to store my work in, rather then losing or spilling something on the paper if I wrote it out. I can have my music, homework, projects, does work, videos, pictures, and much more saved and orginized so I know where it is everytime I go to find it. There can be no more, ""my dog ate my homework"" excuse. Moving on to the next topic. As I mentioned you can save work onto your computer, you can add without earasing as well, the work becomes neat and perfect everytime. So when you teacher is grading on neatness no worry. You can also look up information on any topic you are working on in class witch alows you to get. More information, the better the grade. Spelling is not a factor now, because your computer tells you when a word is spelt wrong. It even gives you suggestions on how to spell the word by underlining it with a red squigle line. This really helps because a lot of people have hard times with spelling. You can even get @CAPS2 to play a book you are reading, witch helps you learn new words that you @MONTH1 not have knew how to sound out. Teachers can even post notes on school websites of homework, when projects are @CAPS1, ext. No more, ""I didn't know/remember what was homework/project due. Lastly, entertainment is the biggest thing with computers. People go on every day uploading videos, pictures, blogs, and just about what ever they want. Games are played on computers by younger kids, just learning, while older kids are enjoying playing maze, driving, shooting, adventure, and much more types of games. Just about everyone using a computer knows of some chat website in witch they use to communicate with any one. Myspace, facebook, twitter, and so much more are used by people to talk, express how they feel to everyone/to just let it out), show love to someone, send birthday wishes, to @CAPS1 what ever. Those are endless possibilities at entertainment on a computer. Without a dobt, no more, ""I'm bored"". @CAPS1 you use your computer to @CAPS1 anything like this? If so you must enjoy it. People use computer for every thing from work to expressing feelings. Now what side are you at?"