"Dear Newspaper, Computers have advance a lot since they were first made. Some people see computers as a way to rot your brain, while others see it has a learning device. Although computers have a negative effect when it comes to children, they have more of a positive effect because they give people the ability to learn about far away places and allow people to talk to each other online. To start off, computers are bad because they can be used as a way to babysit a child. When you're on the computer you're just sitting there staring at a screen with pictures and words on it. Some parents use the computer as a way to keep their kids quite, instead of taking the time to go outside. By growing up in an enviornment like that the children only know how to play on the computer. Kids have a lot of energy, and they need to do something productive, not play computer games and talk to their friends. All school day they talked to their friends, they need to be with family doing something to keep them fit and healthy. By using the computer as a babysitter, you as a parent are leading your child to obisity because all they do is games, and they aren't properly taking care of their body. On the other hand, computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people. If your teacher gave you a last minute writing essay on @LOCATION2 that was do in a week, what would you do? You can't fly to @LOCATION2 and ask the @CAPS1 people what you want to know. That would be a waste of time and money. And if you go the library and they don't have any books, then you're in trouble. But by using the computer you can find endless information about @LOCATION2, and you could finish that essay in a day if you wanted to. Also, if you were going to @LOCATION4, but you knew nothing about @LOCATION4 you wouldn't be very confident about going. And you would feel like a tourist. But, if you went online and searched @LOCATION4, you could find the traditions, the clothing, and so much more. Lastly, if you wanted to know more about a famous person who isn't around anymore, you could go on the computer and find pictures and what they did, how they became famous, and so on. Finally, computers allow people to talk online with other people. Say your grandma lives in @LOCATION3, and you can't call to often because your phone bill will get to high, what do you do then? You talk online since you both have computers and it won't cost you to call. For example, my grandma and grandpa both live in @LOCATION1. When we call there it costs a lot because they're so far away. When they got a computer, we each bought a webcam and called them everyday on @ORGANIZATION1. Now, not only did we talk to them, but we also get to see them too. If your friend didn't have a phone and you really needed to ask them for the homework, you could go online or on aim or facebook and ask them. You know you can always get an answer because everyone is always on the computer at some point of the day. Although computers have a negative effect when it comes to children, they have more of a positive effect because they give people the ability to learn about far away people an places, and they allow you to talk online with other people."