"You've got mail! @CAPS1 my computer which is filled with emails from distant relatives and friends. Without computers, I would not be able to keep in touch with these people as efficiently as I can with computers. In the past few decades, technology has been drastically advancing, resulting in the incredible computers, with computers we can type faster, communicate with distant relatives, and find information like ever before. Because of this incredible invention, computers have allowed us to do @LOCATION1 things that are truly astonishing. To begin, we have thrown away typr writers and purchased computers. Now like never before, we can type faster, improve hand eye cordination, and edit our papers without the help of a peer. First of all, with the extreene amounts of typing needed for colleges, most occupations, and everyday list, computers have made this faster and easier process. I am sure most of the things you have to type for @LOCATION1 are written using a computer. Secondly we have gained amazing hand-eye cordination skills. Furthermore, be typing and reading at the same time, we have trained or eyes to do many @LOCATION1 things similar to playing the piano. Lastly, now with spell check, we are able to edit papers without using someone elses help! The computer can sense problems in an instant, which is even more effective without a doubt, the typing documents aspect of computers is @CAPS5 one reason why we need them around. Another reason is because of communication. Thanks to many @LOCATION1 communication applications such as @ORGANIZATION2, @ORGANIZATION3, @CAPS2 and @CAPS3, we can now communicate with a surplus of distant friends and relatives. For example, with both my sisters at college it was hard for me to communicate with them however, due to @CAPS2, I can see their pictures, instant message them, and even video chat! Without computers, being able to see their pictures and what they are up to would have never been possible. Secondly, email has created a fast, easy way to update people on schedule changes, ideas and even sales and specials offered by stores! Snail mail is no more with this extreemly efficient way of communication! Clearly, the communication aspect of computers is an explicit reason why we need them in our lives. Last but not least, computers have allowed us to access information like never before. We can now find facts and figures, faster, easier, and with hundreds more optinions, within seconds, thanks to @ORGANIZATION1 and other search engines, we can find the information we need. Not to mention, the process is exceedingly @CAPS5 type in exactly what you are looking for and you will be brought to exactly what you need! Thirdly, there is many more options and sites to choose from. For example, if you were to type in a certain animal there would be an overdose of pages pertaining to your topic. Now, it is possible to find exactly what you are looking for! There is no question that computers have made searching for information easier and faster, which is exactly why we need them in our everyday lives. Conclusively, computers are an astonishing invention that has opened @LOCATION1 doors for today's society. Without computers we would not be able to type documents as quickly, communicate, and find information in a fashion. However, because of this invention, computers have allowed us to do incredible things. People all across the country are expenencing the efficiency of using computers and now we can to! It is evident, that computers are effective, and are advancing technology in our society."