"Dear local Newspaper, I have heard that there is a controversy over if computers benefit our society. Based on my opinion, it has become clear to me that they have beneficial because they help us keep in contact, complete our daily work, and give everyone a fun time. If we were in a world without computers then our society would be completely lost. First off, one contributing factor is that computers help us keep in contact. Any one person can simply send an email by a click of a button. However, if this device was not around, we would have to use postal service or the telephone, both of which cost money. Why wouldn't you want a computer? What happens if a hurricane is abroad, and a family has no idea of its presence? All they need to do is check their email or the internet to realize what danger they are in. Calling somebody is risky because they could not be able to ansuer for any reason. In a situation like this, computers became essential to everyone. Clearly, the ability to contact is a great reason why computers need to be kept. Secondly, computers help us complete our daily work. Almost everyone works during the week, and if you @MONTH1 not realize it, we get most of our help from computers. Let's say that a man or women is ath theiroffice and they need to create a power point in order to share the companies new brand. All he/she needs to do is turn on their computer and begin to work with a blink of an eye. But without this device, what would they be able to do? How would they complete their work? The need for a @CAPS1, @CAPS2, or laptop is obviously great when you work. Lastly, computers give us the ability to play games and browse the internet freely. When I go home, usually I go straight to my computer like most teenagers do. I can easily check scores or last nights games, listen to music, and play solitaire by myself. I dont need to turn on the @CAPS3 and wait throve . All of these tiresome commercials. I don't need to grab a @CAPS4 and throw it into a boombox. I don't need to grab all the playing carols and set a game up. All I need is my computer. Without a doubl the fun and helpful computers such as games help us out. Although some say that computers aren't needed they help us throughout our lives. Based on my opinion, it has become clear to me that they are beneficial because they help us keep in contact, complete our daily work, and give everyone a fun time. All of these facts to one final solution, which is keeping computers in our society."