"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you think computers are good for providing us with useful information? I @CAPS2. This is only one of the reasons why I agree with the use of computers. The reasons are: They provide us with information for learning, they allow us to communicate with people, and they provide entertanment. However, I @CAPS2 understand why someone would oppose than. Let me explain my point of view. Whenever I need to @CAPS2 or know something that I don't know about, I go to my computer and look it up. Many seach engines such as @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS3 and @LOCATION1 allow us to input a question or phase and gives us links to other websites that hold information about the topic we are trying to learn about. Another way computers help us learn is because we can download and install software that help us with things like learning a forgian language or even just practicing math. For example, my grandfather wanted to learn how to speak @CAPS4 but he didn't have time to go to classes. So he ordered a program that teaches him how to speak @CAPS4 while he is home. Another reason why I think that computers benifit society is because it allows us to communicate with other people. One way is through social sites where you have a profile and you can ""chat"" with your friends by typing in what you want to say. Another way is through video chat. This is when you have a webcam and you can see and talk to other people. I think that this is very important because @PERCENT1 of people that the computers leads people to become ""anti-social"". It also helps you connect with old school friends and relatives that are far away. This @MONTH1 actually improve some people social if they are shy. @CAPS2 you like music, movies, and more? Well you have axcess to the through your computer. This is yet another reason how computers can benefit us. If you are going somewhere that you think your kids will be bored all you have to @CAPS2 (if you have laptop) is put a movie in for them to watch. Another way that computer provide entertainment is they let us listen to music. If you have an ipod or @NUM1 player you can download the music from the computer. It also provides us with entertainment if we are interested in playing video games. There is entertainment for everyone. Even though I support the use of computers I understand the negitive effect they have on many people. Some of those things are: people stop excersiceing and become over weight, they @MONTH1 become less interactive with other people, and they @MONTH1 not spend as much time in the fresh air. In conclution, I think that computers can benefit our society. The reason why I think this are: they provide us with information, allow us to communicate, and provide us with entertainment."