"To: The @ORGANIZATION1 can be a big part mof people's lives, however, some don't realize the negative effect these pieces of technology have. First, staring at a computer screen is unhealthy for your body. Secondly, anyone can post information on a website, therefore, it can be inaccurate. Lastly, people tend rely on computers too much. Computers are negatively impacting our society! The first reason why clearly, computers are not benefiting people is because they can cause unhealthy symptoms. For example, if you are playing games on the computer for hours, it can strain your eyes. This can cause you to feel tired and drowsy after being on the computer. Also, statistics show that @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 own computers. Could this be the cause of obesity in @LOCATION1? Computers could very well be restricting people from wanting to go outside and excercising to maintain a healthy lifestyle and weight. Computers are obviously unfit for our bodies in many ways. Have you ever wondered if the information on a website is completely accurate and true? I know I have. Anyone who has access to a computer can post information on a blog, website, or communication site (such as twitter, facebook, or myspace). Not everyone who posts articles is an expert on that topic; the information could very well be false! More and more @CAPS1 use computers to get the information they need, which could, in the long run, be hurting them. Books are much more accurate! They have to be revised by editord, and are written by people who definitely know what they're talking about! Therefore, computers are, without-a-doubt, hurting our nation because of false facts. Lastly, computers have a negative effect because we rely on them too much! For example let's say you are writing a paper on the computer that is due tomorrow. You save it, and then close down the computer because you have to go eat dinnder. Later, you come back to the laptop to find that your paper isn't there anymore! You look all over your folders; but it's gone. Computers always have technical glitenes, but you don''t always have time to go to the tech help store to fix it. However, if you had written out the paper, it wouldn't have randomly disappeared! @CAPS4 people depend on computers too much, it can backfire and cause a @CAPS3 problem for you. My sixth grade teachers once said, ""@CAPS4 I was in college, I had a big french paper due. I worked hard all night to get it done. Then, @CAPS4 I went back to print it, it had been erased. I had to rewrite the whole thing again!"" Computers have a big negative effect on society because we tend to depend on them too much. In conclusion, computers are hurting our society, clearly, they are unhealthy for our bodies. Also, the information on the computers internet might be naccurate. Lastly, we rely on computers too much, which leads to problems. I strongly believe we should recluce our dependence on computers! "