"Dear officials at the @ORGANIZATION1, have you ever been so bored that you spent the whole day on the computer talking to friends and relatives? Some experts are saying that computers are having a negative effect on people in our society. While others argue that they are very helpful. the use of computers has been taken to an extreme level, and is having a negative effect on the community. Some reasons I feel this way are because of the social limit computors are putting on people and the amount of time people spend on them. My last reason is that computers are the general health of people today. People should be educated on the negative effects computers bring! Firstly, computers are greatly changing the way people communicate. Instead of talking to people communicate. Instead of talking to people face-to-face, teenagers and adults find themselves '@CAPS1"" or ""@CAPS2"" their friends and colleges. This is causing many bad-habit forming. People are it more to talk to physically, and might even be using terms like ""@CAPS3"" and ""@CAPS4"" instead of works. This problem is causing a huge gap in the social-wonangs of humans, and is harming them more know! Secondly, the amount of time wasted on the computer is unbelieveable! If someone logged onto the computer to search a fact or ""@CAPS5"" something, they might get caught up in other programs and spend hours on the computor. This time could have been used for more productive things instead. A recent polls shows that that average person from ages @NUM1 spreads over two hours on the computer each day! This fact is quite amazing, because these people could have been getting more things accomplished in this time. The amount of time wastedon computers is a huge problem that needs to change! Lastly, humans' health is being affected drastically by the use or computers. As the obesity rate is rising, these people are just sitting on their computors watching it go up. During this time, they could be exercising, going to the gym, or even taking a walk with friends. Teenagers could be playing outdoors, but find themselves too busy on their computors to enjoy the fresh air. Whenever I talk to my friends, they usually say they are on facebook or oovoo instead of outside or playing with their siblings. The obesity rate will keep rising if these people don't realize that staying on computers all day long is a part of the problem! In conclusion, the use of computers has gotten to a point where it is hurting society, rather than it I feel this way because of the social-flow it is teaching people, and the amount of time wasted on computers. Another major reason is because of the extreme health issues computers are. If the average person tried! to limit the time they use their computers, they would notice a positive in their life-style!"