"The amount of computer usage has been significantly growing over the years. Adults and children are spending huge amounts of their time on computers. Though these divices @MONTH1 seem entertaining and helpfull. Well that is not all true. Computers are being used for more then just work. It seems to be the peoples new way of comunication. Communicating with others has always been a great part of our lives. There is not a person in the world who has not had some form of communication with others. Though computers seem to abuse the privlage of communication. For talking on an online chat sight is easier and more convient for people. The people in those charts are not always sho they claim to be. This pushes a huge danger on those signts @CAPS3 children of all ages now are using them. These children fo not always know who they are talking to, but @CAPS3 its online they say anything that into their mind. The way @CAPS2 talk tao people in person is not the same on line. When communicating with people on the computer the writer tends to short hand things. Such as the word ""you"" would be spelled ""u"". These quick changes happen without thinking, and become a natural habit. These changes quickly become a part of our communication and writing. So instead of seeing the sentence ""@CAPS1 did you think about her project"", @CAPS2 will see ""wat did u tink bout her pro."" @CAPS3 of this many childrens grades could be affected. For their spelling will soon become and the vocabulary will be, or all in slang. This vocabulary change could be prevented if computer were not used as much. Today @CAPS2 are seeing going outside. No one ever needs to go anywhere if all theire communication can be done at home. This isn't just hurting ourselves but also the environment. The less time people spend outside the more energy is being wasted. The times @CAPS2 do go outside is for simple tasks such as taking out the trash. This is hurting our environment! There are not as many people taking care of our planet. People are not taking the to make a garden, plant some tree's or simply pick up some trash on the side of the road. If @CAPS2 would all just take the time, maybe only ten minutes adays to help our environment it would be helping our bodies and also helping our planet. This would reduce the amount of people using computer's and change the way @CAPS2 see our civilization today. So please help yourselves and the earth stop talking on the computers and get out and do something productive. The computer will always be there, but @CAPS2 only have one of us and one ofour planet. @CAPS2 dont want to destroy these over a simple piece of technology."