"Most adults beileve that computers are just awaist of time and are somtimes can be addicting or bad for health. Well its true it can be bad, but it matters how you use it. There is one thing about the computer that is amazing. That is socilizing with friends, family or even strangers. You know when your parents say never talk to strangers well, you can do this saftely and harmless over the computer, and you also learn alot about life or other peoples life outside your small little town. There is another @CAPS1 perk with computers and that is keeping in touch with family or friends that live far away. My sister went to @LOCATION1 for six months, but the thing was it felt like two weeks because I was able to communicate and se pictures of here @CAPS1 @CAPS2. The last but probably the most important part is getting ahold of. People you actually really need talk to, such as friends, teachers or even people you never talk to in school. With these three advanced ways to soliaze it will always feel like your never alone which an awsome thing. There is many other things the computer is used for other than social life, and that is actuall important use, stuff you need to know or want to find out. Here is one example, everone has forgot there work at school or your office at least once in your life. Well with being able to just grab all the papers off line is easy. Just go to your teachers home page and just print your homework. Its that easy just one click and that saved you a twenty minuet ride to school. How about when your up at night wondering what the weather is going to be lik, many sunny, cold or even a glorious snow day. Well instead of waiting to find out you can just go on weather.com and see everything maps, forecast or what is going to happen hour by hour. Just like weather people always want to know breaking news. Why watch an two hour show when you can just get to the point off whats happening in this world we live in. I mean the parents have to open there eyes and seethis a buetiful thing. We should be proud of the fact that humans have created somthing so complex and intresting. There is one more topic that I know youre going to absoltly love. I mean right now your grading this in your office, well you can be grading this at home on your comfortble couch, with a fire crackling and all the peace and quiet in the worl. People work from home all the time. you can run a business from your very own living room. My father owns company and works from home most days. Its absoutly @CAPS1 be is able to take me out, spend time with the family and most importantly doing the things he loves and guess what, you can do this too. Like I keep saying its only a click away here is another topic, online banking. Do you really want to drive to the bank and sit down with that borring acountant and spend hours there, well, now you don't have to waste your time, you can type in a couple keys and boom, your on your way to see your information. That was faster then two hours i'm guessing. Yes, I believe that computers are a @CAPS1 use of time and will also help alot in the future. So the next time you log on to your comptuer do some of these things and turst me your will think exactly what I think."