"Dear editor of local newspaper, @CAPS1 you know that the average person spends three or more hours each day on the computer? The time taken up by staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or simply having fun with others. All this valuable time is wasted because of computers, spending large sums of time on a computer lessens your time with family and friends, causes health concerns, and alternately @MONTH1 became addictive. First of all, computers @MONTH1 prevent you from spending time your family and friends. Often people come home from work or school just wanting to relax, so the seek comfort from the web. However, a more relaxing activity could be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends. After all, nobody lasts forever and your time with once everyday. This precious time is taken away by computer technology, which will last longer than any human and doesn't even provide comfort when someone is down. For example, a teenager would be on the computer who is making fun of them. This does not benefit the and the bullying could lead to depression deceded with her family or friends, they could probably share a few and make everyone feel good, @CAPS2, time spent on the computer is less spent with family and perends. Secondly, computers can bad for your health, at a the eyes, and people with trouble seeing. typing a lot way the need for spending more time on the computer gives you learn time for examples and often temple you if someone finds a website they really like, they will quite went to visit it often, perhaps even multiple times a day! Along with websites, @CAPS3 games and networks are also very popular and addictive. Computer addiction can lead to health problems (as talled about before) and withdrawal symptons when you try to stop. It's very important that people stop spending a lot of time on the computer to make sure an addiction is prevented before it can even start. In conclusion, computer technology is hurting the human race and could be preventing greater things to be happening in individual's lives. There is less time to do things with your loved ones, more negative impacts on your a rising number of computer addicts because of our modern technology. However, all there, could be prevented if people simply spent less time on the computer."