"Dear newspaper, I heard you were discussing if more and more people using computers was a benefit to society. I believe that @CAPS4 has a negative affect on people. They get to interact with people who arent safe, they spend less time exercising and they get into more trouble thean before. Spending more time, online in chat rooms causes people to meet preditors. Take my friend @PERSON5 she was online one day when a man started to talk to her. She thought he seemed acceptable when he said he was @NUM1 and a model. She flirted with him on and on, day after day until one day her friend logged on and found out the man was really @NUM2 and a pervert. @PERSON5 @CAPS1 the only on that this has happened to @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people in chat rooms say they have been lied to like this. Website designer @PERSON2 say, ""More and more people everyday are falling for lies over the @CAPS5 and getting in sticky situations like getting asked to meet the person."" @CAPS1 the saying ""@CAPS2 talk to strangers?"" Spending all your time sitting down on the computer means less time outside exercising. At triputs, this girl @PERSON4 wasnt in shape enough to stay up with the players. Instead of being our practicing like the rest of us, she was in her house talking on facebook. She wasnt prepared when @CAPS4 came, time to show what you had so she didnt make the softball team. The next year she made captain because she was out training everyday before the big day. She's not the only one with a laziness problem. @NUM5 out of every @NUM6 americans are couch potatoes and choose to go online than to stay in shape. Nutritionalist, @PERSON1 says, ""This generation is worse than the last. They complain when they cant do something but thats because instead of going outside, they're on their butts watching @CAPS3 or online."" @CAPS4's a breath of fresh air, what do you have to loose? Kids seem to get in alot more trouble online then they ever have on the streets. They're out posting threats, dissing each other, sending personal messages or pictures and worst of all sometimes hurting someone so bad they commit suicide one year. The neighbor was more popular than this lady's daughter so she created this person online that the neighbor fell for. The online ""guy"" began trashing the teenage girl so bad she ended up hanging herself. People, including singer @ORGANIZATION1 have been caught in sexting. @CAPS4's embarrasing, innappropriate and against the law yet @CAPS4 still happens. These people are not alone. @NUM3 out of @NUM4 people have gotten in big trouble through the @CAPS5. Governer, @PERSON3 says, ""@CAPS5 and phones are destroying this society. Theres too much real life drama already."" @CAPS6't you see something wrong with all of this? My opinion on @CAPS4 all is that we should use the computers less before we all start interacting with people that will scare us, become couch potatoes, and get into huge trouble. @CAPS4's really not worth the damage of getting scared, hurt, lazy, or taking your own life."