"Dear leader of the local newspaper, I have heard the strange misconception that computers are ruining our society. I for one, think that this is a terribly made thought. To begin, the internet (provided with most home desktop computers) can teach us a lot about the world around us. Additionally, the whole fact of contacting others around the globe, as well as having a whole fun world to explore, makes computers more enjoyable. Finally, thousands of jobs around the world are either based on or work with computers. Due to this, computers are , without a doubt, beneficial to society. The first reason I need to clearly point out is that the computer holds tons of information that can't be found anywhere else. While books have to be republished as updates occur in the world, anything on the internet can be updated almost instantly, beneficial to students with school projects for subjects like @CAPS1, subsequently, people could actually go to school via online schools and colleges. Whilst regular colleges could cost around thousands of dollars in order to get in, online colleges are much rather cheap, affordable to anyone. Also, due to the high amounts of information online, schools seem to be growing obsolete as computers typically hold all information obtained in a regular school year. Because of this, computers are definately beneficial to society. To build up, the internet provided with computers can bring loads of pleasure to those who use it wisely. Because of the growing population of those who use computers, companies tend to make computer shoes, which usually attracts viewers by the thousands each day. This makes television seem obsolete as well. Another major thing is that software comes out for the computer almost everyday, allowing many things to be done by users. Software typically includes games, movies, and music. Finally, since staying in touch with others is a good thing, chatting with others across the globe is very easy and durable, allowing distant relatives to come in contact with you via various chat programs. Due to this, computers can bring loads of fun to users, and are thus beneficial to society. Lastly, due to the rising demand of computers, companies typically rely on computers for jobs. Since the internet population is growing, companies allow people to fill out applications and send in resumes in order to apply for a job in said company. Also, some jobs can only be done while online or using a computer. Many jobs these days, typically banks, rely on using the internet most of the time, and some actually are based in the internet. Because of this, workers can finish the job easily in one place, instead of having to around and going to a boring looking building to do a boring job. With this reason, why doesn't anyone else see why computers are beneficial to society? With all of these reasons, I hope you see why computers are beneficial to society. Education just become a whole lot easier thanks to the internet. If education is not what you seek, you can then use the internet to have fun when you are bored. Finally, jobs can be completed even easier, and makes workers more responsible. So, leader of the paper, do you really, along with everyone else, think that computers are a waste of time in life?"