"With the click of a mouse, you can access the internet. Computers and internet are a recent innovation. You could probably find one in a common household. They've improved and gotten popular within the last twenty years. I believe they greatly benefit society. Computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate. Think about how life would be in the @DATE1 without computers. Different, right? I don't think I could have written such a great research paper without the use of a computer. The internet has many helpful sources; such as databases, encyclopedias, and articles. You can find information on almost any topic. The computer makes this easier for us to do. You can just search key words, and you have what you're looking for. Its faster than skimming through twenty books. Once you find what you're looking for, you can paste it into a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 document and print it. It's as easy as that. Another benefit of computers is communication. I have found this important over the last few years. A family that I have been close to my whole life had moved to @LOCATION1 due to jobs. Thanks to internet, I have been able to keep in touch with them. Im sure thousands of other people have been in the same situation. Whether it's on email, @ORGANIZATION1 instant messanger, or facebook, people can communicate with others all around the world. It's more convienent than having to time your phone calls so it's a good time for both of you. If we didn't have this connection with forgein countries, everyones lives would be different. Computers haven't just changed personal lives. They change the medical field too. This has greatly benefitted our society. Scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place. Doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures. Computers have helped advance and improve the medical research and diagnosis. This saves the lives of many people. @PERCENT1 of tests that have taken place to research a dicsease use a computer of some sort to break it down. The technology of computers has benefitted todays society and has helped people achieve great things. It keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn. I hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today."