"Dear Newspaper, Computers! Computers! Computers! Computers seem to be the talk of the year. Many people believe that computers are needed for everyday life, but I would have to disagree. In my opinion we do not need computers. The effects computers have on kids and adults are astonishing. Humans today are not spending as much time in nature and excirsising for a healthy body and a healthy planet. Also, as us kids are growing up, we have too many advantages because of computers. Thirdly, so much money is being used towards computers and not whats truely important! As you can see these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all areas of life. First off, as we continue to use computers our natural environment is going to waste. The effects on nature and people are horrible. Polution is being spread all over the planet! People are becoming addicted to computers. I know it will surprise you when I tell you that the average person spends about ten hours on a computer a day! This is about half the day! This is a terrifying effect on people, because now these computers are brain washing us! Instead of going on the computer all day, we should be going outside to enjoy fresh air and the sun. Their the more, computers have us sitting inside all day and not getting any excirsive, which is a health issue we need to learn about the little things and be thankful for what we already have! Consiquently, banning computers would have a positive effect. Today, many are loosing their ability to write card forgetting about the simple things life has to offer would writing an essay with a pencil and paper be so bad? This @MONTH1 be old fashioned, but there are an enormous amount of great effects for using pen and paper. Maybe, the @ORGANIZATION2 states would become smarter and contain more knowledge. By writing everything out is proven to help remember important facts easier and for a longer amount of time, writing on paper is like writing it in you brain. Therefore, students, children and adults would benefit by having better handwriting. Since most information is typed on the computer people are forgetting how to write neatly, clearly, and resonsibly. @PERSON1 is an english teacher that has been with the @ORGANIZATION1 school since before computers, she has seen the horrible effects taking place on her students right befor her eyes. @PERSON1 told me, ""@CAPS1, students are completely absorbed in computers and have no life, energy, or reativeness in them anymore! Kids have too many advantages with computers and not taking the time. Last, but most definetley not least is my third reason as to computers are effecting humans negetively. Humans are sending huge amounts of money on getting the latest computer technology. Most of people pay chedes are being used for their computers. These fancey computers are very expensive, but also very useless. In my opinion many people are just following a trend. Instead, the money can be spent on schools, and especially the wars! Do you hear the humming of the computer the clicking of the buttons? Realize that these sounds are not what you should be spending! To wrap it up, computers effect people. There are many reasons to support this, but here are three. One is that people are not spending any time in nature! Another is that people of all ages are becoming brainwashed by this electronic and not spending the time to learn things in quality. Thirdly, people are using all there money on those computers! I know some people think computers are very usefull,but I know now, after you have read this article, you know how unuseful computers really are."