"Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1 a society we have come very for regarding advancements and inventions. One invention has made a large impact in the world and still ceases to amaze it's the computer. This piece of technology has so many benefits and positive effects on people that without it, everyone would be stupefied. For exomple, this device allows people to keep in touch using a common social network. In addition, specially designed computers can tend to peoples specific needs. Furthermore, they allow you to expand your knowledge. Therefore computers have positive effects. Just think of all the people you've emailed or instant messaged in the past week... Your dad, while he was on his busness trip, your aunt and uncle who e-mailed you pictures of their new born baby, your friends from camp... The list can go on and on. Computers like @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 provide social networking like @CAPS4, i-chat, video chat and more so you can keep in touch with your family and friends. For example, in my life I use my @CAPS5 to video chat with my sister, @PERSON3, who is a freshman at college in @LOCATION1. It's our way of keeping in touch instead of not seeing her for months on end or having to pay for plane tickets every weekend to go down and see her. With the computer keeping in touch with people in different towns, states, or even hemispheres is a piece of cake. However, computers also provide surfaces for those with medical needs. If someone has just been rushed to the hospital for an emergency, computers will be used to monitor that person. @PERCENT1 of hospitals nationwide say that computers are on essential in their facilities. For example, when my grandfather, @PERSON2 was being cared for at the @CAPS6 hospital, computers were used to make sure his heart rate, oxygen levels, and blood pressure were all in check. And, if something was wrong. the computer would alert the doctors. Therefore, computers are also a huge help in the medical department @CAPS1 well. Lastly, computers can expand one's knowledge. There are thousands upon thousands of websites; all of which can teach people different things. For example if you are going on a trip to @LOCATION2 and wish to learn about their culture before you leave, you can just type it into your internet browser on your computer and bam! You're fully prepared for your vacation now because of your computer. Also, in my life, my teachers assign @CAPS1 research papers requiring us to find information on a topic. Perhaps going the library isn't an option, how are you going to acquire the information? The answer is simple, go on the internent! Internent research is the top way amongst all colleges and universities to research. I was recently assigned a @CAPS7 @CAPS8 project by my social studies teacher, @PERSON1 where we got to choose my topic of community service and research it. Every student in my class used the computer in some way, shape, or form for their project. Thus, computers can allow you to get information efficiently. In conclusion, computers provide an abundances of uses. Primary ones include the ability to exchange messages with friends and family, help in the medical field, and expansion of knowledge. Henceforth, I believe that computers serve @CAPS1 a positive advancement in technology and its effect on people are rather great."