"Wouldn't you agree that spending time on the computer takes away half of your life? Going on the computer can have a negative effect on you! Personally I think not going on the computer benefits you, @CAPS1's more time for your family, going outside, and staying healthy! Certainly going on the computer will mean less time for exercising. For example, lets say you went on the computer for an hour, that hour could have been used to go outside and stay fit! think about the choices here; you could either sit on a chair and play on the computer or take a nice run and burn a ton of calleries! Statistics show that @PERCENT1 of people that go on the computer instead of getting exercise, are in risk for health problems including obesity. As you can cleary see going on the computer really isnt the healthyiest choice to go. Most definatly going on a walk or enjoying nature is better than going on a computer. A girl named @PERSON1, from @LOCATION1 ""I love to enjoy the beuty of the outdoors that god gave to me I wish I knew that years ago while I was a lazy woman on the. If you just even look out your window to see this beautiful god created for us you would want to go out there and enjoy @CAPS1! Everyone wants to live like there dying or in other words live life to the fullest! in order to do that you have to see life and go out there and experance @CAPS1, not sit on a computer! Without a doubt this world is gorgeous and @CAPS1 is worth while to see the nature! Everyone knows that family comes before everything! For example, you might love the computer but that love should not over power your time you spent with your family! One day on a @DATE1 night @PERSON2 was on the computer and her mother called saying, ""@PERSON2 @CAPS1's time for dinner"", @PERSON2 ignored her mom and chose to go on the computer! Now you really cannot give up time with your friends and family since they are so important! I know with my heart and saw that my family means the world to me and everyone shown more time for each family member, not the computer! Its now or never to decide if computers benefit society or not! With no computers you could have so much free time for your friends and family if you could only imagine! Most importantly @CAPS1 will not only benefit you but @CAPS1 will mean a lot to your family so what are you waiting for? Get off the computer and spend some qulity time with your family!"