"Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 the ages, technology has constantly been evolving and improving the way we think. From the first simple telephone in the @DATE1's to today's touch-screen iphone. From riding horses to riding extraordinary fast sports cars and hwlet trains. The advances in technology have proven the sky have the limit the invention of planes. We have even reached the moon and left our ! Computers have only become faster and. Although more and more people are using one of our greatest technological advances, computers, believe it doesnt benefit socialy. I veherrertly believe that computers benefit. They have the ability in and teach us what seems like information, second, they have made the could a smaller place through communication. Last, they even have the ability to locate missing people. Computers are constanly helping society. They follow what technology to make life @CAPS3. First of all, computers are a benefit to society because they have the ability to and teach teach us what seems like infinite information. Today, when soneone know/wants to some first place they usually that's light the. This is because engines such as @ORGANIZATION1 have of limits to with much information on the topic being. This has not only made leaving @CAPS3, but has also helped in studying for tests for elementary school. Computers also of for the average. From banking to powerpoint computer with all! For this reason even older such as @PERSON1 find computers weird. Second, computers benefit society becuase they the world smaller through communicates. Sixty years ago, it could relative on the. Today, you can easily video a rective in @LOCATION2 from @LOCATION1 in less that ten seconds. Not only can you talk to grandma or grandpa but you can even see them smile what children can even such as @CAPS4. When there is a they can still talk to warry of. Finally, computers benefit society have the ability to locate missing people. The record earthquale in @LOCATION3. cries of mothers children whom they from. It is to computers that these families were scuniled. On many sites on the internet, @LOCATION3 set up person locators. These locators allowed you to write down your name disaster should over happen. Not only this you family. All they had to do me! Computers have even made our society. What move could. In conclusion, I strongly believe that computers society is because computers contain much informations and programs they have proven the earth is a ""small world after all"" and they have made the world safer. It is that many people are buying computers, so why don't you get one?"