"The topic that is on many minds in our country is, ""Are computers beneficial, or harmful to our students?"" @CAPS1 have evolved from dosktop computers, and before that, type writers, but have they gone too far? While the blank screen of a computer @MONTH1 distract some, the benefits defin out weigh the bads in a situation like this. Being able to have faster research, easier communicating and computers in wartime are great capabilitys of the modern computer. Also, due to advancement in technology, computers are very helpful because they help @LOCATION4 with our daily lifes. Many doubts about the computer exist, but the computer can surpass all of them. In a time crunch situation like college or high school, speed is everything. Computers allow students to research faster, and with more accuracy by being able to search for key words. Before, students would have to do the painstaking process of searching in books. More times than not, they wouldn't find what they were looking for, but with the modern age, students can get the information they need fast. Also, having computers in the classroom helps so that teachers can get the info they need for an upcoming class. If speed is what you need, then you will look for a computer. Besides speed, computers also give you another great thing, communication. With emails, @CAPS2's, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and blogs, knowing what your friends are doing later is just a click away! This is much easier than calling the person. Also having this access to friends can help when one moves away. If you miss a long lost friend or cousin, just search their name, and you can talk to them! Having friends so close by you can really make every life great. Out in @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION1, solgiers rely on computers for valueable information; such as radar, or robots. Having computers do the ""dirty work"" can help in times of war, and can save valuable lives. Not having these computers would mean certain death for some people in the @LOCATION4 armed forces. Computers some times take the place of humans in things such as @ORGANIZATION1's, or unmaned airieal vehical and some many lifes too. Weather it be facebook or bombings, computers help in a vital way. It was @DATE1 and @PERSON1's communist regime was ruling new @LOCATION2. One man stood in front of a tank, resisting to move, showing courage and wanting a democracy. Fortuneatly, this was all caught on film. How was it broadcasted to the world? Using the computer, and internet. Today many people are able to learn about that due to computers. In many ways computers help @LOCATION4 with our daily lives and for most of @LOCATION4, without them, we would be lost."