"With more and more people using computers. I think that this does not benifit society. I think this because mere cases of suicide are from online bullying, people get @CAPS2 addicted that they dont exercize and become obeast, and because it is bad for the environment. Now more than ever before people are bulling. But not just showing kids around like they use to. Now the bullies found a new way, by starting web pages, emailing the person, or making threats online. With the internent people say things that they would'nt be able to say in person because you dont have to see face to face all the time. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of all teenage suicides are from being bullied online. The bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them. If we didnt have as many people going online then the youth would be more protected from online predilors. As you sit on the computer and play games or to friends, you are most likely caling. Well when you eat and stay on the computer you arnt exercising. Well, more than @PERCENT2 of obeast people say they don't exercise because they are either to tired or dont have enough time. Of course you are going to be tired if you sit for a couple hours staring at a computer screen. When they say they don't have time but yet they spend an hour a day on the computer. That dosnt make much to me. Obeasity has becomea big concern it is the main cause of head problems. @CAPS2 get active The enviorment is a big concern these days. With toxic, the @CAPS1 layer and skin cancer on the rise. But how does the computer? Well computers use energy and let toxix for environment. Killing the @CAPS1 layer @CAPS2 the are much more powerful, hurting people. Yes and plant do help the @CAPS1 layer but when you print you @CAPS2 you @CAPS2 very hard to keep up with the demand of and the demand of the @CAPS3 have to eat, but with out trees, plants they eat? By the time our children's childrens are here, there @MONTH1 be @CAPS3 to no wildlife left, barely any wilderness and without the @CAPS1 layer many people will die of skin cancer. All because we are @CAPS2 addicted to using the computers. People lives, health, and the environment are all big issues that computers help to distore. How would you feel walking into your childs bedroom seeing them on the floor dead from being bullied on the computer. Or see a loved one suffer from heart problems due to obeasity becasue they couldn't get off the computer. Or in about @NUM1 years the @CAPS1 layeris completly distroyed due to the computers, with @CAPS3 to no wildlife left. Using computers does not benifit society. Sure its a quick look up. But @CAPS2 are books. The computer has every thing a local libeary has. @CAPS2 stop being lazy and get out. Put a stop to suicides, obeasity, and hurting the environment."