"Dear local newspaper, Are computers a bad thing? Certainyly not! They can be distracting but in a enlighting way. How? Computers give you extra knowledge, you can connect with people and if you think they take away exercise, they do not, they can actually help exercise! My first reason that computers are a positive device to have is they can give you extra knowledge. That is great for the brain! When you are sitting at home with a ton of, think again, the computer is there for you. Ask or search anything and you should have a @PERCENT1 guarentee your answer will be found! If you feel like you do not know many interesting subjects like a culture of some sort or something that you heard your computer can tell you. Just one computer can enlighten you with so much. Now when you go back to school you can brag and say ""@CAPS1 you know,?"" People will be amazed. Lately experts have been concerned that the computer device is a distracting item and it will keep you from exercising and enjoying nature, @CAPS2, no need to worry you can learn just nabcur anything on nature when you surf the web! You @MONTH1 find out more of what is in your maryard then you already knew. Exercise! Are you worried you do not get enough exercise? @CAPS2 then, go onto youtube.com, type in exercise and work out. You will come up with millions of exercise routines you can do right infront of your computer. Another thing you can do it get online for how to stay healthy and exercise! Lastly the experts is have been that we people are not having a sccial life and interacting with our family and pals. I would say we spend more time interacting with our buddies and close ones online then we do in public. With sites like facebook, @CAPS3, @CAPS4, @CAPS5, and more we are talking to those people instantly! We are setting up our weekend plans online and a lot of our social life is there. Sometimes we have family that lives long distance, no one wants to pay for a call so we have the internet to connect! In a nut shell, knowledge, exercise, and connecting with buddies are all positives in the computer. You can multi-tase so simply with just one electronic device and that is the computer! Experts, you do not need to worry."