"Dear I think computers greatly benefit society, and advance technology. They provide knowledge in a click, and entertainment after a long day out work or school. Not only that, but people have found long-lasting careers because of the invention of the computer. So obviously, computers are a great influence on society. Do you want to find out when major legue baseball first came to be? Or maybe you have a history report due the next day, and your parents can'@CAPS3 drive you to the library? This isn'@CAPS3 a problem anymore. Computers have evolved a long way since they were invented in the @NUM1's. You can check up on your local news, by having @NUM2's of electronic newspapers right at your fingertips. Or maybe you want to venture outside your neighborhood, and check out what's happening in @LOCATION2 or @LOCATION1. News isn'@CAPS3 the only thing the internet is useful for though. You can also go onto one of the @DATE1's of websites for school help, or check how the stock market is doing. Or, you can just use the handy calculator found right on your desktop. What could be better? Of course not all users have a computer for information. Many have it for entertainment purposes. In fact @PERCENT1 of people use the computer for entertainment everyday. What, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them? Social networking is placed at the top of the list. A whopping @PERCENT2 of internet users use sites like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2. These sites are useful for catching up with friends you might not have seen in years or continue a conversation from @NUM3 minutes ago. You can also use computers to watch live-streaming @CAPS3.V, or that new @CAPS4 you got yesterday. That's right, @CAPS3.V's might not be needed soon! And what would a compter be without games? There are @NUM2's of @DATE1's of them scattered all across the web. How great is that? And finally, many people have found their careers through the internet. Did you know that @PERSON1, @NUM5, was found through you tube when his mom posted videos for the family to see when they couldn'@CAPS3 attend proformances? Of couse, you tube isn'@CAPS3 the only way to make money. Tons of jobs are listed by employers only for the curious person to find. No more wondering city streets, now you can just submit on aplication or have an interview without ever leaving your. Artists have also discovered talents, by playing around with @CAPS6 or @CAPS7. Not to mention the career paths involving computers directly, such as repairing or movie special effects. So no matter what you use a computer for have it be job hunting, entertainment, or information, they are a good idea to have them in your home. There's a erason that @PERCENT3 of @CAPS8 use them, and it's not just an excuse to sit around all stay."