"Dear @CAPS1, I believe that computers have a very positive effect on people. Now as technology keeps advancing there are many educational options online, you can now interact with people without physically being with them and you can play games that will enrich your lives. Firstly, I believe that computers offer a wide variety of educational options. On the internet alone you can view your school textbook. You can also have extra practice with the many resources that come with the online textbook. Without physically bringing your textbook home you can view the book online. There are tons of extra practice, and practice quizes in the online textbook that are perfect for studying. Also, when you see on the internet you can get real time updates of major events in the world. For example, the other day I logged onto the internet and saw an article about the earthquake in @LOCATION1. I saw nothing of this in the newspaper, but the internet was so up to date that you can stay informed about something that happened only a few minutes ago. But if you choose not to utilize the internet, there are many programs that are very helpful for learning. That are direclly cetered to developing your children's math and reading skills. These programs can give anyone a jumpstart in education. Another opportunity that could be helpful on a computer is the ability to interact with other people. Video chatting, @CAPS2, and using social @CAPS3 sites are very good ways to interact with people. When you video chat you can have a conversation with some on class on video! Even most they are not physically with you talk to. Instan messaging is a less direct, but still useful who talk to someone far away. You can share the news or just have a conversation with anyone you know. Lastly, social @CAPS3 sites such as facebook, and twitter are a valuable way to communicate with people. You can past messages, play games or simply talk to someone on these websites. They certainly take the best parts of online interaction and put them together. Finally, there are many online games that are very useful. If you ever wanted to go bowling but you never had the time you could play a game online. Or if you have ever wanted to drive a stock car you could play a game online. These online games are good ways to sire you the opportunity to do something you wont normally do. Also many games help sharpen your reflexes and your quick thinking skills. These could possibly cary over into the situations where you need good reflexes and quick thinking. Games could possibly be very useful when you need to prepare yourself something. Also online games are for and enjoying also. Overall I believe the computer is a valuable resource in advertion, interacting with other people and playing useful games. After all who could pass up the opportunity to better prepare yourself for life?"