"Computers. An achievement @MONEY1 technology and science that improve all @MONEY1 our lives. They let you explore the world in one click and chat with your friends. What could be wrong with that? I'll tell you. I belive that computers are ruining our society. Now don't get me wrong, I like them, but they can be bad. People get on and never get off, you never no who it is your chating with online, and they can cause tons @MONEY1 stress. Let me explain why computers can ruin lives. When the computer was invented I'm sure this wasn't the purpose. To stay on playing mindless games, or randomly searching the web. Some scientists have even studied the @PERCENT1 @MONEY1 the time, the more you are online, the more likely chance you will become obiece. That is not what @LOCATION1 needs. You say you'll be on for a minute, but you will stay playing ""@CAPS1"" or ""@CAPS2"" for days on end. People with @CAPS3 work to do might never get on. Also it is just flat out a waste @MONEY1 time when you could be outside playing a @CAPS3 game. My second reason is that when you are ""chatting"" or ""@CAPS4'ing"" someone, who is it really? A study conducting proved that when you think your talking to a friends it is really some perverted @NUM1 year-old looking for ""fun."" @CAPS5 huh? Also when you talk, someone could be inbedding a virus in your system that could take @MONEY1 to fix. How mad would your parents be? It could be happening with every letter you press. Finally stranger or not, some @MONEY1 these people leave links to get to disgusting websites that you pray your parents don't see. My final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress. When your on @CAPS6 or @CAPS7, nasty fueds between friends can occur that affect you and your school work, inflicting damge to your grades. For every @NUM2 people when join a social page, @NUM1 get worse grades do to this issue. Also when your parents are online for a long time, the next morning they must rush to get ready for work and are tired, afffecting their quality @MONEY1 work. In this economy I don't think we need more layoffs. Even simple things like a virus or a slow upload could and will cause stress, in fact @PERCENT2 @MONEY1 @LOCATION1 have a stress issue due to computers. I've told you today why computers are bad. They get sucked in stressed out and stalked. Now computers aren't all bad, just use them right. These are the reasons I think computers can be bad."