"Dear @ORGANIZATION1, The use of computer benefits society due to the possitive affect on people. Such as good hand-eye coordination, ability to learn about far away places and people as well as being able to talk online with family and friends. Did you know that teenagers who use computers often when compared to those who don't, have increased test scores? This is because they are able to look so definitions faster, research and learn about anything they need at their fingertips. Furthermore, families and friends that live across the country are able to keep in touch due to email, video chats and facebook. It is fascinating to realize that use of the computer can increase your hand eye coordination. You are probably wandering how this is and think that I am insane but there are legitimate reasons. Since I play basketball, volleyball and softball, hand eye coordination is extremely important. One cold, wintery @DATE1 @TIME1. I was working on a long history paper and @CAPS1 essay, which meant countless hours on the computer typing. At five o'clock off I went to my basketball grow, @CAPS2 the best game of my life was playerl. Then, a week later, we had another game but this time I went straight from church. Consequently, I did not play as well; missed a lot of passes and shots. This proved to me that things use of computers, my hand-eye coordination improved. Can you imagine being able to learn about people in faraway places, their cultures, ethicities and relgion? Well now this is more than possible through the advances in technology. In history, we were doing research on the world hunger crisis in our allied countries. Through the knowledge of this hunger, I was able to start a fundraiser at my church. @PERSON1; @CAPS2 teenagers like myself do not eat for @NUM1 hours. Research has proven that @NUM2 children in countries of africa die a day from malnurutousment. Now that this has been brought to my attention, I am going to work four hours a day to give these innocent children even a portion of what I consume. Thus through the use of computers I was able to learn about the pain those children suffer and now it's my . Do you have family that's across the country that you are rarely able to see? My aunt and uncle live in @LOCATION3 and they were just blessed with a beautiful baby boy, @LOCATION4. Since we are only graced with their presenced about once a year we begin to miss them. But now through skype, email and facebook, we are able to stay updated on the success and growth of @LOCATION4 as well as @CAPS2 they have recently traveled to. Also @PERCENT1 as the teenage population in the @CAPS3.S spend at least four hours a day @CAPS4, tweeting or using facebook to stay in touch with their friends. Recently, I have moved from @LOCATION2 to @LOCATION1 and staying in contact with my fr iends there is extremely important to me. Those are the people that I grew up with and have known since birth. The use of computers has allowed me to stay in contact with distant friends and relatives. To conclude, due to improved hand-eye coordination, ability to learn about far away places and people as well as being able to communicate online, with other people the use of computers benefits society. Through the internet, people can learn about @LOCATION2 places to travel bike and exercise while enjoying nature. Furthermore, when family and friends want to spend time together, they need to plan the logistics of it and without email and being online this becomes nearly impossible. I appreciate you taking the time to read this and hopefully you will take my opinion into consideration when debating over the topic of computer."