"Dear editor, I believe that computers are an important part of modern life and proves itself to be available because everyday. Many times we don't even think about using computers, it just becomes a part of our dayly routine. We use computers everyday in many ways, sometimes to stay intouch with a far away friend learn about and experience faraway places, or @MONTH1 be ever to practice hand eye coordination. Computers are so benifical to our life we might not be able to live without them. Most people have experienced a friend or relitive move, when this happens not all hope is lost because with the use of you run stay in touch. Many computers nowadays have built in webcams which alows you to get more than just an email. With these systems you can actualy get an image of your fried or relative. Even oprah winfrey uses the webcam feature on computers to have people ""skype"" on to her show. In adition to this there are many other ways to stay in touch even if your computer is older and have. These reletively new ""social networking series"" include facebook, twitter, and many more. Every morning when i wake up and on sportscenter i always about what famous are posting or twitter pages. This is just another great use of computers. In this economy not many people are spending thousands of to go to a beach paradise in the but with the use of computers, you can go there virtualy. Computers are great in this aspect because they alow you to learn and experience many expensive things for. For example if you wanted to learn somthing about india, you would dn't have to go to the local library and check out a book, you could just type there are many such as this that give you access information that you could ever need. This prooves also to be valable if you are studing faraway while a paper. The computer is just a great way to get information with out every having to leave your home. Hand-eye coordination is an important skill that many people lack. It alows you to throw a baseball, play videogames, or even drive car. Many computer sceptics believe that you don't benifit from using computers but a recen study done by @LOCATION1 news and report reveals that people who use computers had @PERCENT1 better hand-eye-coordination than computers users. When driving you often need to operate the car, up the radio volume, and pass out goldfish to your kids at the same time, so this could be as where improved hand-eye cordination would be handy. Hand eye coordination is an important and this skill is further developed by the use of computers. In conclusion, computers are benificial both in hand-eye coordination and in communication, as well as in geting information or a topic. Computers are one the most significant ever and are valuble in many many ways."