"Debates have come up on whether or not computers are benefiting or destroying society. Computers are only helping in aid in the growth of society. Computers allow people to interact with other people, see and discover other places and people, and teach hand-eye coordination. Computers are helping people more than they are hurting them. First of all, computers allow people to meet and interact with other people. There are many popular websites that allow people to chat and communicate at anytime. Before computers were invented in order to talk to someone you would have to meet with them face-to-face, or send them a letter and wait on awfuly time get a responce. Now people can simply type up an email and hit send. Just like that, their message is sent to another computer for others to read and enjoy. Another advancement computer technology has developed is picture sharing. All one has to do to display and show their pictures to everyone is done by simply hooking up a camera, uploading your pictures onto your computer, and posting them on a site like @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 bucket. Any in- the- @CAPS3 person would @CAPS3 that computers are very useful. Secondly, computers are important because they give people the ability to learn about and discover people & places that are new to them. In the old days if you did not @CAPS3 about something or someone, like a movie, you @MONTH1 never find any info about them. Computers have internet websites and search like @ORGANIZATION1, that allow you to type anything and instantly find all the @CAPS4 information and pictures or that subject. These technological advances have given many people the general knowledge that they very well @MONTH1 need in any given situation. If you missed the best part of a you could easily go on a computer, look it up and importance of computers in every day society. Last of all, computer hand - eye coordination that is vital to every day life. Typing on a computer in leisure time is a skill that will be looked for everywhere. In fact, many employers @MONTH1 hire you based on your keyboarding skills, ones one is skilled enough they @MONTH1 even teach themselves to type without looking at the keyboard. Although computers are not meant to replace your friends, family, and @CAPS5 air, they are very important tools that give you skills you will use for the rest of your life. Any individual that is highly educated would see the pluses in computer usage. in conclusion, computers are vital in order to properly function in many situations. They allow you to chat and send pictures to loved ones, teach you about faraway people and places that you @MONTH1 not @CAPS3 about other wise, and help one improve on their hand - eye coordination. Computers are very useful peices of equipment."