"Dear @LOCATION1, I want you to imagine it's a beautiful @DATE1 day. The birds are chirping, the smell of beautiful flowers are filling the air, but instead of playing outside with your neighbors, you are inside trying to master the unbeatable game cubefield on the computer. Computers have had a negative impact on today's society. When people are engrossect with whatever they @MONTH1 be doing on the computer they become very lazy, they lose the motivation to go out and exercise, people also lose intrest in helping around the community. This is why computers have a negative impact on todays society. Statics shows that @PERCENT1 of people would rather stay instead on the computer then out and about helping and working around their neighboorhood. Computers have had such a negative impact it makes people want to stay glued to their chairs with their eyes glued to their monitors. Yes computers have had a lot to do with a lot of technical advances, but at what cost do these technological advances come? Many kids are becoming obese and lack my motivation to come out of their room off of the computer. Computers are making society very lazy this is why they have a negative impact on us. Computers have also made society lack motivation to go and exercise. A very close family friend was very obese. She was lazy and never wanted to exercise. Instead of going out and doing something about it, she stayed in her room on facebook for weeks at a time. Though the computer wasnt the one who made her obese, it was used as a much to hide behind the real problems. It is sad when @PERCENT2 of teenagers say they would rather stay inside on myspace than going outside for a jogg. Yes its true computers helps you learn things you @MONTH1 not have known before, but so do books, newspapers and magazines. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Helping out in your community provides many opportunties to meet new people, and it feel a sense of accomplishment. But the urge to stay in on the computer clouds your better judgement. I know that I would rather help the elemntry school across the street build a new garden rather than stay inside on twitter. If you are inside searching the web how will you know if the old lady across the street needs help with her groceries? Helping around your community lets people know you care about whats going on. So dont let the computer have another second of your time. Computers have had a negative impact on society. Teenagers as well as adults have become very lazy. They lack motivation to exercise as well as help around the community. Now its your turn don't just stare at your computer screen absent mindley. Go out and toss the ball along with the neighbors dog. Youve heard the facts now make the right decision."