"Dear @LOCATION2, @CAPS1's the dillemant @CAPS2 that people are supporting computer technology and others are not. I firmly believe that having computers generally has a positive effect. This is because many jobs are using them everyday and it is very efficiant for them. Also, having computers allows people to connect with other people, edit things that other technology cannot, and play fun games, @CAPS3 effect that computers have is educational websites; games, and articals. This helps many kids find a good education and adults find a comfortable and happy job. Primarily. computers have a positive effect on people because jobs are using them frequently. Jobs such as @ORGANIZATION1 and any type of police work provide sarely for people all around the united states and other parts of the world. My father always told me, ""Computers save people everyday"". Even schools use computers! They provide educational information about the students in schools, and my school, @LOCATION1 school, uses them quite often. For example, I see my teacherm. Mr, @CAPS4 his computer every single movning in homeroom. Nearly @PERCENT1 of all jobs involve a computer by storing information or any other purposed fealuired. Would you want all those people to lose ther job because of their skills and techniques towards computer technology? I know I wouldn't, @CAPS5 keep in mind computers provide a safe and healthy life for many people. In addition, computers have a positive effect on people because they can do many things that nothing else can do. This is things like staying in town with someone far away, or editing photos. Even playing a game on the computer could ne relaxing to almost anyone. @CAPS6 is an example of keeping in town with someone else. For me, @CAPS6 is a life-saver. It allowed me to talk to my brother white he was at his chaotic college. In fact, nearly @PERCENT2 of people have an account on a computer of a public website live @CAPS7, @CAPS6, or @CAPS9. Computers keep photos saved that can be edited and even just saved to be admired. I don't want my pictures and my @CAPS6 deleted because nothing else competes with the mighty computer since it me have an enjoyable time and entertains me well. Thirdly, computers have a positive effect on people because they give aduts and kids tree access to education. I remenber my old elementery school used to play many amusing math games. These were @CAPS5 my education grew greatly dae to this game. Games as these are used frecquently thoughout the world. In addition jobs have been lost from this had economy. However, jobs we hering found more and more everyday from adults trying to find a decent job online. Computer saved people from losing their house because of the money they made with the help of computers, computers are a good idea To conclude. I imploor you that computer technology has a strong positive effect on people. Computers are like a pencil to a student. for they are very important. Jobs use them everyday, connections are made by people, and education grows because of them. That's why the technology or computers effects people in a good way."