"Dear @LOCATION1, I understand this focus situation, the effect of computers or our society people's reactions are less than about them & my question to is who? Computers a very good effect on our town's specify. Computers areaids in tracking hand-eye coordination. They give people the opportunity to look at things & talk to that it traveled here they wallets empty faster than the speed of it. @CAPS2 also have the ability to help people so things that an than a pig sty. Let me explain more these reasons. Computers are very good for our society because they are kids in tracking hand-eye coordination to kids & adults. Just to help you understand why in to teach hand-eye coordination, @CAPS2 are so many that help you learn but help you learn will get you. In foot ball catching helps to teach the skill but makes you up on the ground after being by someone potentially yourself. In baseball swinging at a pitch to teach his skill, but if the is very close to you it could how you for the if you do the ball could someone & hurt them, ability to day back. Computers are great way to this skill in a saw Even @CAPS1 @PERSON1 here in town says that he has seen an of kids with better hand eye coordination, due to do have a good our town? Well, computers let people to that. You can talk to relatives in far away places but to travel with this. I'm sure that you're wondering if I have I do have another reason. Computers have to samethings electronically so fast easily, make a look on computer's hard drives, @CAPS2 are so much more that ran be on a computer, that make a room empty. Before my famiy had a computer complete dedicated to papers files that your so important & that we could not lose. When up got picture, typed up paper, saved our was empty! I hope that this letter has proves to you computers effect on our society. Computers help and in the process of hand eye coordination. The help to thing happen but if done on real life could faster of they also help to electronically than a. So now, after this letter you go out i publish this telling every good effects of computers. Again I thank you for reading this letter."