"Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2, more and more people in our proud and courageous country of @LOCATION1 have been. Computers were mode to simply difficult situations, such as typing, finding, , and keeping a record of financial statuses. Despite the main uses, many @CAPS3 citizens have been using the computer for that are neccessary which result in a loss of to living a healthy, social, life. these are exercisem and spending line with fellow people indicating family and friends. as a result, please read on so that you, the @CAPS4 our can understand why computers have became out of hand and relay my message to the readers of your. One much life is exercise, and due to the of modern computers, exercise is the key to a healthy life. Personally, I know at least poor young children in my very school that are a victim of the cruel disease, known as obesity. The reason for the dese children is quite simple-they over use, and forget the natural bounderies to using something. Practically every day, each of the foor heart- children begin to their computers from the second will home, to the moment they fall asleep. this outrageous number of hours the vital the to exercise, therefore allows their bodies to adopt to the habits of the children sleep, eat, computer. This upselling manor of the foor kids enables others to pick on them for being fat, yet they can't fight back, they have what so ever, thus the over use of computers can result in a over weight child, with no exercise, and no power/ muscle to depend themselves from. Another reason whay computers are thinking such a @LOCATION1's youth, is because of less than medicine usage of. Everyday I chose to walk from school, for the breathly sounds of type of wheather day should I hope you I @CAPS5, spending time with your friend and family yet ones again people who abuse see the importance of this. Around two years ago, I was on the computer non-stop, @CAPS6, playing video games, and all sorts of computer-released activities. every day, constantly, for about a year, I came home, to on the computer, and began my , as I @LOCATION2. This resulted loosing the time I had with my mosue. Furthermore, if I needed is contact @MONTH1 friends, I just @CAPS7 them, rather than speaking in person,. Over line both my family and friends and grow of this electronic device, called the computer luckily, @ORGANIZATION1 nothing like that now however, I hope that you see the side to the computer, and how loosing your family and friends possibly. In conclusion, @ORGANIZATION1 guarantee that with all the information about how are out. Hopefully you will the paper of @CAPS1 of our newspaper and demand a column about computer loose the valuable time for exercise, nature, and family & friends. Thank you for letter, and I will an article relative to this subject."