"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I am a child of the tech generation, or the generation in which technology has taken on a new meaning. That meaning is life. Our life revolves around technology in general as the @LOCATION3 revolves around the sun. The chief technological preference, computers, is greatly beneficial, aren’t as bad as many people speculate, and help us live and prosper in this struggling world. Look, if you want to roast computers then by all means, roast away. But if you do so without first regarding all the angles of them, then you, my friend, have absolutely no standing on the situation. You could say that they are a neucence but could never have used aho. You could argue that they can be used to detonate bombs, but, lets be practical, how many normal people actually wake upwake up and point out the drearyness of life and then type in a command to detonate a bomb? A serious benefit you have obviously choes t o overlook is the invaluable information it aptly places in front of you on a @NUM1 inch screen. You can read book reviews, read books, bag things, and get the cutting-edge news you want, to name just a meager amount of possible strengths. Further more, not everything that you speculate as bad has to be bad just because you say it so. When you think of @CAPS3. Do you always think about vulgar, inappropriate pictures, and illegal images? That’s funny, because @CAPS3 keeps family in touch, gives people things to do, and keeps friends in different states on the same server. Youtube is not all swearing and bad videos. My family casts actors for shows, and one way they know what an actor is capable of is by going to their channel and looking at the videos that they have created. My mother actually contacts actors in videos to see if they want to become professionals. That is the business, finding talent where it is seldom found. Lastly, did you even think about the fact that computers are used to start companys and saves lives? You probably didn’t even know that, from a computer, astrologists monitor images of the universe captured by the hubble space carrier meteorologists track cloud formations from satellites using a computer. Maybe you didn’t choose to say that surgeons can dictate operations from their office in @LOCATION1 on a patient in @LOCATION2? You didn’t even say that seismologist use computers to traet the shifting of the tectonic plates to see where the epicenter of a major earthquake is? You just didn’t know. So, let’s face it, computers are important. You probably used to do what little research you did them. In fact, pardon me. You probably didn’t do the research in the first place, instead pointing fingers at the innocent. Smooth move, buddy."