"Dear @CAPS1 Have you ever wondered how much the world wide web has to offer? I would definetly agree that computers have a benificial effect on people. They teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and they give people the chance to recconnect or new people. The internet has so much to offer and is absolutley benifical. Studies done by @PERSON1, doctor at @ORGANIZATION1 stated that @PERCENT1 of people who are on the computer typing have better hand eye coordination than those who do not. You could be improving your coordination and not even know it! Intelligent people would agree that being on the computer is very helpful to you. There are many computer games are there that you have to react quickly to and call for fast reflex and hand eye coordination. I know personally that it has help us. Since @CAPS2 been on the computer more I have noticed that my reaction time off this block for has shockly improved! Yes, I know that some people should get outside and exercise, but you can excersize and improve your hand eye coordination, either way you can go wrong. As the massive sits in space like high take fascinating worlds it the computers. The technology of computers to learn about the far away places. Kevin, scientist that @PERCENT2 of our knowing about space come from computers! For example think about google earth; it allows the human eye to see clear pictures of anywhere in the world! I think you would agree that without computers we would a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us. Would you rather us not have computers and not know half the stuff about we live in? By these high tech computers we can learn about life outside like space, and other galaxies. Did you know that @NUM1 of the population use the computer to talk, and reconnect to friends and family. I know I do! I know that people shouldn't be to computer, talking to people. But its a great way to stay in touch with people. They have awesome websites like skype and oovo that allows you to chat with other people over. Friendly, educated people agree that this is a good way to catch up with old friends from highschool or even way back to grade school. Another great aspect of online communicating is long friendships can be created. Newly explain, now they not online and got so close they ! Personally I know that I go to @DATE1 camp every year and make new friends. Internet websites like facebook helped me keep in touch with her. Clearly this is a great source to use! The time has come to decide the choice of using computers would deffinetly be a wise one. Without a doubt it will certainly help you; hand eye coordination and keep you talk or recconect with people. Most importantly it gives people the ability to learn about the wonders of far away places. So dont make the wrong choice, and appreciate and use all this computers have to offer."