"Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3, @DATE1's society is much more different from what it was like twenty years ago. We have phones that can easily allow us to browse the web as we please just like a computer. Our access to such a large network beings us together, can broaden mental horisons and keep many @CAPS5 hard workers on key point so that when time for work comes around, they are ready. Not everyone agrees that technology is benefit to our growing well, but I believe it keeps us moving forward and away from ignorance in all of its forms. Our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons. They vigorously build sley scraping towers, educational fucilities, additions to our health center, and even the very places we call home. However, when weather is not on their side and building anything can be hazzardous in the long run, they must still ramain at the ready when duty calls. Lately, there has been an advancement in technology to help chane opperators maintain their skills during their of season vistually. It @MONTH1 appear easy to the untrained spectation. To one it @MONTH1 seem like all they do is seat themselves in a pull a few levers, and push a few buttons. However, there is in fact a persition to such a task. Pull the lever to quickly and the crane can go sharply in the wrong direction causing it to tip over. One of feild reponters tried the @CAPS1 virtual trainer and found a @CAPS1 appreciation for the jobs at our builders. That just goes to show that @CAPS5 one does not keep such skill in check, they could in fact cause a serious malfunction on a construction site. I, personally, find it very entertaining and at the same time educational to learn a language different from my own. In fact, I teach myself @CAPS4 at home. However, @CAPS5 I did not have a computer at home, my studies would be near impossible. With @DATE1's economy going to a class outside & school, or even hiring a personal tutor, can be enough to effect anyones budget emensly. The internet provides an efficient low casting, or even free, way to help any language learner. One can even find study tips from native speakers at those who have already learned vast bit about the language. In @DATE1's society not everyone has the time to go to he library and pick up a book on a country they are interested in. Some @MONTH1 say that asking a neighbor about their home canbe just as afective, but that can awkward for those that don't particulary do well in face to face setting. However, havbing a complete at hand can make learning an enjoyabl experience. Once can find blog posts about someone's visti to there country of interest & even videos of their time there. Websites made entirely for those interesting a particular culture can also prove helpful. On the other hand, @CAPS5 someone were to be looking for and acception vacation spot recommended by locals, that information can be found as well. Some people do not love in an area where they can connect with family by a simple call or a drive. One @MONTH1 have to take a plane or pay to take with relatives. Social networks on the web makes connecting with lvoe ones easier and more affordable. The speed of instant messaging can make it seem like they are in the same room instead across the ocean. I hope that everything I have fare travel can serve a purpose to someone who has not been able to find way benefits to technological advances. Please do remember that technology can serve as a skill maintenance tool, educational, and as a connection for our foreign born citizens. Thank you for"