"Dear local newspaper, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students at @ORGANIZATION1 say that they spend most of their time on the computer. I think computers have a bad effect on people because they can cause safety issues, health issues, and ofcourse education issues. With all this new technology, teenagers aren't aware of their surroundings at all. On top of that, they're not aware of what's happening to them. Adults also do use the computer, but not as frequent as us teenagers. It's time now to realize what computers are doing to us and the world today. Computers can cause safety issues. Now more than ever people use where they talk to friends. But, what they don't know is that the person on the other side might not be what they think it is. Lately, on the news we hear of teenagers getting raped or kidnapped because of people who they were talking on the internet was not who they said they were. Bad people are always lurking on the internet, and we need to prevent them from getting in contact with the kids. But, even besides having bad people online, computers can with your privacy. It's possible for computers to give out your information to other people so, we really need to watch out. Computers though not only cause safety issues, but health issues also. Computers play a major part in destroying our health. About @PERCENT1 of @CAPS1 are overweight or obese. T.V's use to be the issue for people not excercising, but now computers are doing just the same. There are so many things to do on the computer that just doesn't make you bored. That there means that there is no way to from it. But, you need to get up and exercise and computers are preventing people from doing so. It's like it's hypnotizing us because we simply don't want to get up. Computers can also have an impact with your vision. I know that after a long time on the computer I have a massive headache because my eyes just hurt so bad. Also, computers can make people stop talking to each other verbally. Talking and interacting makes us have safe relationships with one another, but computers again are preventing this. Besides interfering with our computers do the same with education. Computers can really be bad with our education. Students now easily forget to do homework. There are so many distractions today that than of them whom people spend a long time on it, we forget to do other things that we're suppose to do simply becausewe're distracted. But, eventhough we forget our homework, we also @MONTH1 forget to study before a test. This would result in a in high grades. Computers shouldn't be distracting people, but instead helping them. I think it's not the people to not get distracted on the computer because it just has so many interesting features. For example, the internet, and websites like @CAPS2, @CAPS3 @CAPS4, etc. We have so many distractions in our that we don't need more! Computers really don't have a good effect on people. More and more people get computers everyday. They should know what its doing to them, and what's happening to the world around them go outside and enjoy nature? Maybe, go to the mall with friends and. There are a variety of things to do rather than staying glued to the computer the whole day. People need to stop being and open their eyes to see the effect computers have on people."